Republic Ecuador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Paraguay Peru United States Venezuela Asia Afghanistan Bali Bangladesh Bhutan Burma Cambodia China India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Laos Malaysia Mongolia Nepal Pakistan Philippines South Korea Sri Lanka Taiwan Thailand Tibet Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Vietnam Europe Andorra Armenia Austria Belgium Bosnia Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Rep. Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Ireland Italy Latvia Lithuania Malta Montenegro Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Scotland Slovenia Switzerland Spain U.K. Ukraine Middle East Iran Iraq Israel Jordan Lebanon Saudi Arabia Syria Turkey Oceania Australia Books Sacred Asia iBook Sacred Europe iBook Sacred Earth Sacred Life Sacred Sites Baalbek Roman structures at pre-Roman site of Baalbek ( Enlarge ) Approximately 86 kilometers northeast of the city of Beirut in eastern Lebanon stands the temple complex of Baalbek.
Long before the Romans conquered the site and built their enormous temple of Jupiter, long even before the Phoenicians constructed a temple to the god Baal, there stood at Baalbek the largest stone block construction found in the entire world.
The origin of the name Baalbek is not precisely known and there is some difference of opinion among scholars.
The word Baalbek may mean 'God of the Bekaa valley' (the local area) or ‘God of the Town’, depending on different interpretations of the word.
Ancient legends assert that Baalbek was the birthplace of Baal.
Whatever the nature of the pre-Roman worship at Baalbek, its veneration of Baal created a hybrid form of the god Jupiter, generally referred to as Jupiter Heliopolitan.
Roman structures at pre-Roman site of Baalbek ( Enlarge ) The origin and development of Baalbek may be considered from two quite different paradigms of prehistory, one the conventional approach that views civilization as having only begun in middle Neolithic times and the alternative approach which suggests that developed cultures existed in what is archaeologically known as the Paleolithic period.
Let us first examine the chronology of Baalbek from the conventional interpretation, following which I will discuss some amazing site anomalies that can only be explained by recourse to a far older and now lost civilization.
According to theories stated by the mainstream archaeological community, the history of Baalbek reaches back approximately 5000 years.
Biblical passages (I Kings, IX: 17-19) mention the name of King Solomon in connection with a place that may be ancient Baalbek (“And Solomon built Gezer and Beth-Horon, the lower, and Baalath and Tadmor in the wilderness”), but most scholars are hesitant to equate this Baalath with Baalbek and therefore deny any connection between Solomon and the ruins.
Because the great stones of Baalbek are similar, though far larger, than the stones of the temple of Solomon in Jerusalem, archaic myths had arisen that Solomon erected both structures.
If Solomon had really erected the site of Baalbek, however, it is astonishing that the Old Testament has mentioned nothing of the matter.
After the time of Solomon, the Phoenicians became masters of Syria and chose the site of Baalbek for a temple to their Sun-god Baal-Hadad.
Little is known of Baalbek from this period.
The late 11th century BC witnessed the arrival of an Assyrian army on the Mediterranean coast but because Baalbek is not mentioned alongside the names of other Phonecian cities, it has been assumed that Baalbek was an obscure religious center with no political or trading importance.
Roman structures atop massive pre-Roman stones of Baalbek ( Enlarge ) The first-century AD Jewish historian Josephus tells of Alexander's march through the Beqa'a on his way to Damascus, during which he encountered the city of Baalbek.
The name Heliopolis, by which Baalbek was known during Greco-Roman times, derives from Greek association with the site beginning in 331 BC.
A sacred site with this same name already existed in Egypt and the new Ptolomaic rulers may have found it provident to link the ancient sky-god of Baalbek with the Egyptian god Re and the Greek Helios in order to establish closer religious and cultural ties between their newly established Ptolomaic dynasty in Egypt and the eastern Mediterranean world.
The golden age of Roman building at Baalbek/Heliopolis began in 15BC when Julius Caesar settled a legion there and began construction of the great Temple of Jupiter.
In the year 634, Muslim armies entered Syria and besieged Baalbek.
Over the next several centuries, the city and region of Baalbek were controlled by various Islamic dynasties including the Umayyads, Abbasids and Fatamids as well as the Seljuk and Ottoman Turks.
During these years, Baalbek was ravaged by the Tartars in 1260, Tamerlane in 1401 and was also shaken by numerous powerful earthquakes.
At the base of the far wall, the great stones of Baalbek ( Enlarge ) In the 1700’s, European explorers began to visit the ruins and in 1898 the German emperor, William II organized the first restoration of the ancient temples.
Particular structures at the Baalbek ruins can, however, only be explained by recourse to such extremely ancient cultures.
The ruins of Baalbek, situated on a large hill (1150 meters) with an expansive view over the adjoining plains, are bordered on two sides by the town of Baalbek and on the other sides by agricultural land belonging to local farmers.
These magnificent columns, 20 meters tall and of enormous weight, are known to have been quarried in Aswan, Egypt but how they were actually transported by land and sea to Baalbek remains an engineering mystery.
Massive foundation stones of Baalbek ( Enlarge ) The Temple of Baal/Jupiter was begun during the reign of Emperor Augustus in the late first century BC and completed soon after 60 AD.
At the beginning of the 3rd century a lovely circular temple was added to the Baalbek complex.
Stone of the Pregnant Woman, weighing approximately 1000 tons ( Enlarge ) The great mystery of the ruins of Baalbek, and indeed one of the greatest mysteries of the ancient world, concerns the massive foundation stones beneath the Roman Temple of Jupiter.
Three other even larger monoliths are found in a limestone quarry a quarter of a mile from the Baalbek complex.
Various ‘scholars’, uncomfortable with the notion that ancient cultures might have developed knowledge superior to modern science, have decided that the massive Baalbek stones were laboriously dragged from the nearby quarries to the temple site.
While carved images in the temples of Egypt and Mesopotamia do indeed give evidence of this method of block transportation - using ropes, wooden rollers and thousands of laborers - the dragged blocks are known to have been only 1/10th the size and weight of the Baalbek stones and to have been moved along flat surfaces with wide movement paths.
The route to the site of Baalbek, however, is up hill, over rough and winding terrain, and there is no evidence whatsoever of a flat hauling surface having been created in ancient times.
Baalbek Aerial View Next there is the problem of how the mammoth blocks, once they were brought to the site, were lifted and precisely placed in position.
An historical example of this method has been suggested as the solution for the Baalbek enigma.
No such space is available in the spatial context of how the Baalbek stones were placed.
Great foundation stones at Baalbek Archaeologists, unable to resolve the mysteries of the transportation and lifting of the great blocks, rarely have the intellectual honesty to admit their ignorance of the matter and therefore focus their attention solely on redundant measurements and discussions regarding the verifiable Roman-era temples at the site.
Architects and construction engineers, however, not having any preconceived ideas of ancient history to uphold, will frankly state that there are no known lifting technologies even in current times that could raise and position the Baalbek stones given the amount of working space.
The massive stones of the Grand Terrace of Baalbek are simply beyond the engineering abilities of any recognized ancient or contemporary builders.
Great foundation stones at Baalbek There are several other matters about the Baalbek stones that further confound archaeologists and conventional theories of prehistoric civilization.
Finally, the great stones of Baalbek show stylistic similarities to other cyclopean stone walls at verifiably pre-Roman sites such as the Acropolis foundation in Athens, the foundations of Myceneae, Tiryns, Delphi and even megalithic constructions in the ‘new world’ such as Ollyantaytambo in Peru and Tiahuanaco in Bolivia.
Additional information on Baalbek at ancient-wisdom.
Andrew Collins on Baalbek Mail Baalbek Lebanon Sacred Sites Map of Lebanon Baalbek Recommended Reading Global Sacred Sites Sacred and Magical Places Categories Introduction Bibliography Introduction Alphabetical By Subject Sacred Sites Newsletter Martin Gray Biography Intention The Deeper Meaning Stock Photography Sacred Asia iBook for Mac and iPad The Most Comprehensive Book of its Kind Ever Assembled Includes... Interactive Maps, Galleries & Video, and Hundreds of High-Res Photos Take a Peek!
Join the 108,942 Members Login Búsqueda avanzada  Búsqueda avanzada Búsqueda avanzada Seleccionar por categoría Cultural Mixta Natural Todo Criterios Criterios: Con   Sólo con Criterios culturales i ii iii iv v vi Criterios naturales vii viii ix x Seleccionar una región Seleccionar una región África Estados Árabes Asia y el Pacífico Europa y América del Norte América Latina y el Caribe Más detalles Sitios en peligro Bien trans-fronterizo Mostrar todo Mostrar todo País Región Año Nombre del bien Baalbek Descripción Sede del culto a una tríada divina en tiempos de los fenicios, esta ciudad recibió el nombre de Heliópolis en la época helenística.
Las colosales construcciones de Baalbek figuran entre los vestigios más impresionantes del periodo de apogeo de la arquitectura imperial romana.
Baalbek (Lebanon) © UNESCO Líbano Referencia : 294 Año de inscripción : 1984 Criterios : (i)(iv)
Baalbek From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search Not to be confused with the Ballbek River in Germany or Balbec, Indiana , in the United States.
Baalbek بعلبك The Temple of Bacchus Baalbek Location in Lebanon Coordinates: 34°0′22.81″N
Governorate Beqaa Governorate District Baalbek District Area  • City 7 km 2 (3 sq mi)  • Metro 16 km 2 (6 sq mi) Elevation 1,170 m (3,840 ft) Population [ citation needed ]  • City 82,608  •  Metro 105,000 Time zone EET ( UTC+2 )  • Summer ( DST ) +3 ( UTC ) UNESCO World Heritage Site Type Cultural Criteria i, iv Designated 1984 (8th session ) Reference no.
294 State Party   Lebanon Region Arab States Baalbek ( / ˈ b ɑː l b ɛ k / ), [1] properly Baʿalbek [2] ( Arabic : بعلبك ‎‎) and also known as Balbec , [3] Baalbec [4] or Baalbeck , [5] is a town in the Anti-Lebanon foothills east of the Litani River in Lebanon 's Beqaa Valley , about 85 km (53 mi) northeast of Beirut and about 75 km (47 mi) north of Damascus .
Contents 1 Name 2 History 2.1 Prehistory 2.2 Antiquity 2.3 Middle Ages 2.4 Early modernity 2.5 Excavations 2.6 20th century 2.7 Lebanon War 3 Ruins 3.1 Tomb of Husayn's daughter 4 Climate 5 Notable people 6 Twin towns 7 Gallery 8 See also 9 Notes 10 References 10.1 Citations 10.2 Bibliography 11 External links Name [ edit ] A few miles from the swamp from which the Litani (the classical Leontes) and the Asi (the upper Orontes ) flow, Baalbek may be the same as the MBK NHRM ("Source of the Two Rivers"), the abode of El in the Ugaritic Baal Cycle [9] discovered in the 1920s and a separate serpent incantation.
The importance of the solar cult is also attested in the name Biḳāʿ al-ʿAzīz borne by the plateau surrounding Baalbek, as it references an earlier solar deity and not later men, named Aziz .
The etymology of Baalbek has been debated indecisively [18] since the 18th century.
[11] On the basis of its similar name, several 19th-century Biblical archaeologists attempted to connect Baalbek to the " Baalgad " mentioned in the Hebrew Scripture 's Book of Joshua , [27] the Baalath listed among Solomon 's cities in the First Book of Kings , [28] [29] the Baal-hamon where he had a vineyard , [30] [4] and the "Plain of Aven" in Amos .
[31] [32] History [ edit ] Prehistory [ edit ] The hilltop of Tell Baalbek, part of a valley to the east of the northern Beqaa Valley [33] ( Latin : Coelesyria ), [34] shows signs of almost continual habitation over the last 8–9000 years.
[8] [45] Antiquity [ edit ] Main article: Heliopolis in Phoenicia A proposed reconstruction of the temple complex at Baalbek under the Romans Roman Heliopolis and its surroundings in the 2nd and 3rd centuries.
Following Alexander the Great 's conquest of Persia in the 330s  BC , Baalbek (under its Hellenic name Heliopolis ) formed part of the Diadochi kingdoms of Egypt & Syria .
(The 6th-century chronicles of John Malalas of Antioch , which claimed Baalbek as a " wonder of the world ", [60] credited most of the complex to the 2nd-century Antoninus Pius , but it is uncertain how reliable his account is on the point.)
[8] By that time, the complex housed three temples on Tell Baalbek: one to Jupiter Heliopolitanus (Baʿal), one to Venus Heliopolitana (Ashtart), and a third to Bacchus .
[70] Around the year 400, Rabbula , the future bishop of Edessa , attempted to have himself martyred by disrupting the pagans of Baalbek but was only thrown down the temple stairs along with his companion.
[71] Middle Ages [ edit ] The ruins of a Baalbek mosque c.  1900 The probable remains of a medieval mosque in front of some of the Mamluk fortifications Baalbek was occupied by the Muslim army in AD  634 ( AH  13), [69] in 636, [16] or under Abu ʿUbaidah following the Byzantine defeat at Yarmouk in 637 ( AH  16), [ citation needed ] either peacefully and by agreement [18] or following a heroic defense and yielding 2,000 oz (57 kg) of gold, 4,000 oz (110 kg) of silver, 2000 silk vests, and 1000 swords.
Following his brothers' murders, Muhammad was able to take Damascus in 1138 and gave Baalbek to his vizier Unur .
[18] In July 1139, Zengi , atabeg of Aleppo and stepfather of Mahmud, besieged Baalbek with 14 catapults.
[74] In December, Zengi negotiated with Muhammad, offering to trade Baalbek or Homs for Damascus, but Unur convinced the atabeg to refuse.
[75] Following Ata's murder, his nephew Dahhak , emir of the Wadi al-Taym , ruled Baalbek.
He was forced to relinquish it to Nur ad-Din in 1154 [18] after Ayyub had successfully intrigued against Abaq from his estates near Baalbek.
[76] In the mid-12th century, Idrisi mentioned Baalbek's two temples and the legend of their origin under Solomon; [77] it was visited by the Jewish traveler Benjamin of Tudela in 1170.
[8] Baalbek's citadel served as a jail for Crusaders taken by the Zengids as prisoners of war .
[71] The one in 1170 ruined Baalbek's walls and, though Nur ad-Din repaired them, his young heir Ismaʿil was made to yield it to Saladin by a 4-month siege in 1174.
[18] Having taken control of Damascus on the invitation of its governor Ibn al-Muqaddam , Saladin rewarded him with the emirate of Baalbek following the Ayyubid victory at the Horns of Hama in 1175.
[81] He was then joined by the main army, riding north under Baldwin and Humphrey of Toron ; [81] they defeated Saladin's elder brother Turan Shah in August at ʿAin al-Jarr and plundered Baalbek.
[78] Upon the deposition of Turan Shah for neglecting his duties in Damascus, however, he demanded his childhood home [82] of Baalbek as compensation.
[85] He did not permit Turan Shah to retain Baalbek very long, though, instructing him to lead the Egyptian troops returning home in 1179 and appointing him to a sinecure in Alexandria .
[79] Baalbek was then granted to his nephew Farrukh Shah , whose family ruled it for the next half-century.
[18] When as-Salih Ayyub's successor Turan Shah was murdered in 1250, al-Nasir Yusuf , the sultan of Aleppo , seized Damascus and demanded Baalbek's surrender.
[18] The Mongolian general Kitbuqa took Baalbek in 1260 and dismantled its fortifications.
Later in the same year, however, Qutuz , the sultan of Egypt , defeated the Mongols and placed Baalbek under the rule of their emir in Damascus.
[90] Baalbek & environs, c.  1856 Early modernity [ edit ] In 1516, Baalbek was conquered with the rest of Syria by the Ottoman sultan Selim the Grim .
[90] In recognition of their prominence among the Shiites of the Beqaa Valley , the Ottomans awarded the sanjak of Homs and local iltizam concessions to Baalbek's Harfush family .Like the Hamadas, the Harfush emirs were involved on more than one occasion in the selection of Church officials and the running of local monasteries.
Tradition holds that many Christians quit the Baalbek region in the eighteenth century for the newer, more secure town of Zahlé on account of the Harfushes’ oppression and rapacity, but more critical studies have questioned this interpretation, pointing out that the Harfushes were closely allied to the Orthodox Ma‘luf family of Zahlé (where indeed Mustafa Harfush took refuge some years later) and showing that depredations from various quarters as well as Zahlé’s growing commercial attractiveness accounted for Baalbek’s decline in the eighteenth century.What repression there was did not always target the Christian community per se.
The Shiite ‘Usayran family, for example, is also said to have left Baalbek in this period to avoid expropriation by the Harfushes, establishing itself as one of the premier commercial households of Sidon and later even serving as consuls of Iran.
[ citation needed ] All the same, Baalbek remained no destination for a traveller unaccompanied by an armed guard.
[109] In 1850, the Ottomans finally began direct administration of the area, making Baalbek a kaza under the Damascus Eyalet and its governor a kaymakam .
[90] Excavations [ edit ] The largest stone at Baalbek , uncovered in 2014 Emperor Wilhelm II of Germany and his wife passed through Baalbek on November 1, 1898, [68] on his way to Jerusalem.
Despite finding nothing they could date prior to Baalbek's Roman occupation, [118] Puchstein and his associates worked until 1904 [68] and produced a meticulously researched and thoroughly illustrated series of volumes.
[120] [121] "Baalbek, with its colossal structures, is one of the finest examples of Imperial Roman architecture at its apogee", UNESCO reported in making Baalbek a World Heritage Site in 1984.
Recent cleaning operations at the Temple of Jupiter discovered the deep trench at its edge, whose study pushed back the date of Tell Baalbek's settlement to the PPNB Neolithic .
[124] 20th century [ edit ] A detail from a 1911 map of Turkey in Asia, showing Baalbek's former rail connections Baalbek was connected to the DHP , the French -owned railway concession in Ottoman Syria , on 19 June 1902.
Baalbek still has its railway station [126] but service has been discontinued since the 1970s, originally owing to the Lebanese Civil War .
Baalbek was a major target, with more than 70 bombs dropped.
[128] [n 9] By this time, Baalbek was a Hezbollah stronghold: [129] aerial bombardment on July 17 destroyed a dairy processing plant, gas stations, and Hezbollah offices.
[129] On the evening of August 1, [130] hundreds of IDF soldiers raided Baalbek and the Dar al-Hikma [129] or Hikmeh Hospital [131] in Jamaliyeh [130] to its north (" Operation Sharp and Smooth ").
[133] Another 9 civilians were killed on August 7 by a strike in the middle of Brital , just south of Baalbek, and by the subsequent attack on the car leaving the scene for the hospital.
[136] The ruins at Baalbek were not directly hit but the effects of blasts during the conflict toppled a block of stones at the Roman ruins and existing cracks in the temples of Jupiter and Bacchus were feared to have widened.
[136] Frederique Husseini, director-general of Lebanon's Department of Antiquities, requested $550,000 from Europeans to restore Baalbek's souk and another $900,000 for repairs to other damaged structures.
[136] Ruins [ edit ] A 1911 diagram of the Baalbek ruins after the Puchstein excavations.
[137] (Facing SW, with the Temple of Jupiter labelled "Temple of the Sun") See also: Temples of the Beqaa Valley , Temple of Bacchus , Stone of the Pregnant Woman , List of Roman monoliths , List of ancient architectural records § Monoliths , and List of largest monoliths in the world The Tell Baalbek temple complex, fortified as the town's citadel during the Middle Ages, [90] was constructed from local stone, mostly white granite and a rough white marble .
The nearby Qubbat Duris , a 13th-century Muslim shrine on the old road to Damascus, is built out of granite columns, apparently removed from Baalbek.
[92] Jessup considered it the "gem of Baalbek".
[156] Tomb of Husayn's daughter [ edit ] Under a white dome further towards town is the tomb of Kholat, daughter of Hussein and granddaughter of Ali, who died in Baalbek as Husayn's family was being transported prisoners to Damascus.
[157] [158] Climate [ edit ] Baalbek experiences a 'continental' hot-summer Mediterranean climate ( Köppen : Csa) with hot, dry summers and relatively cold, sometimes snowy, winters.
Climate data for Baalbek Month Jan Feb Mar Apr May Jun Jul Aug Sep Oct Nov Dec Year Average high °C (°F) 8.8 (47.8) 9.3 (48.7) 13.5 (56.3) 18.7 (65.7) 24.1 (75.4) 29.2 (84.6) 32.1 (89.8) 32.5 (90.5) 28.6 (83.5) 20.2 (68.4) 15.7 (60.3) 10.4 (50.7) 20.26 (68.47)
Average rainy days 14 12 10 5 3 1 0 0 0 5 8 11 69 Source: Chinci World Atlas [159] Notable people [ edit ] St Barbara (273–306) Abd al-Rahman al-Awza'i (707–774) Sheikh Adi ibn Musafir (1070s–1162) Takkieddin Ahmed al-Makrizi or Taki ed-Din Ahmed el-Makriz , Arab historian [71] [88] Bahāʾ al-dīn al-ʿĀmilī (1547–1621), Lebanese-Iranian scholar, philosopher, architect, mathematician, astronomer Khalil Mutran (1872–1949), poet and journalist Harfush clan Twin towns [ edit ] Baalbek is twinned with: Bari , Italy L'Aquila , Italy Qom , Iran Thrace , Greece Yogyakarta , Indonesia .
[160] Esfahan , Iran Gallery [ edit ] An 1873 German map of Asia Minor & Syria, with relief illustrating the Beqaa ( El Bekaa ) valley Baalbek c.  1700 [101] Baalbek in the 1880s Baalbec in 1894 Baalbek in 1910, after the arrival of rail The remains of the Propylaeum, the eastern entrance to the site The ruins of Baalbek facing west from the hexagonal forecourt in the 19th century Ruins of Eastern Portico, Baalbec , by Lady Catherine Tobin (1855) The remaining columns of the Temple of Jupiter A profile of the six columns The propylaeum of the Temple of Bacchus The entrance to the Temple of Bacchus in the 1870s The hanging keystone in the 1920s The exterior of the Temple of Bacchus in the 1920s The interior of the Temple of Bacchus in the 1920s The wall and moat of Baalbek in 1891 Architectural ornaments in the Temple of Jupiter [ citation needed ] The ruins of Constantine 's basilica in 1891 The " Stone of the Pregnant Woman " in the early 20th century, the Temple of Jupiter in the background Roof sculpture of Ceres Roof sculpture, supposedly of Mark Antony Roof sculpture, supposedly of Cleopatra Roof sculpture of an unknown figure The pillar at Iaat The Qubbat Duris See also [ edit ] Cities of the ancient Near East List of colossal sculpture in situ List of megalithic sites Ameen Rihani 's The Book of Khalid (1911), the first English novel by an Arab-American, set in Baalbek Notes [ edit ] ^ The name also appears in the Hellenized form Balanios and Baal Helion in records describing the acts of Theodosius 's reign.
[146] References [ edit ] Citations [ edit ] ^ Olausson, Lena (2 August 2006), "How to Say: Baalbek" , The Editors , London: BBC , retrieved 8 September 2015   .
^ "Lebanon, Baalbek" , Projects , Berlin: German Archaeological Institute , 2004, archived from the original on October 11, 2004 , retrieved 8 September 2015   .
^ "Baalbek" , World Heritage List , New York: UNESCO World Heritage Center , 2015 , retrieved 8 September 2015   .
^ a b c d e f Butters, Andrew Lee (2 August 2006), "Behind the Battle for Baalbek" , Time , retrieved 8 September 2015   .
^ Michel M. Alouf -History of Baalbek 1922 "After the defeat and murder of Hossein by the Ommiads, his family was led captive to Damascus ; but Kholat died at Baalbek on her way into exile."
^ "Baalbek, Baalbek-Hermel, Lebanon (populated place)" , Chinci World Atlas , retrieved October 2011   Check date values in: |access-date= ( help ) .
"Baalbek" , The Classical Tradition , Cambridge : Harvard University Press, 2010, p. 115, ISBN   978-0-674-03572-0   .
" Baalbek ", Encyclopædia Britannica , 11th ed.
"Baalbek" , Encyclopaedia of Islam: A Dictionary of the Geography, Ethnography, and Biography of the Muhammadan Peoples, 1st ed., Vol.
Adam, Jean-Pierre (1977), "À propos du trilithon de Baalbek: Le transport et la mise en oeuvre des mégalithes [About the Baalbeck Trilithon: The Transport and Use of the Megaliths]" , Syria , Vol. 54, No. 1/2, pp.
Alouf, Michel M. (1944), History of Baalbek , Beirut: American Press   .
(French) Frauberger, Heinrich (1892), Die Akropolis von Baalbek [ The Baalbek Acropolis ] , Frankfurt : H. Keller   .
Jidejian, Nina (1975), Baalbek: Heliopolis: "City of the Sun" , Beirut: Dar el-Machreq Publishers, ISBN   978-2-7214-5884-1   .
Kehrer, Nicole (21 November 2014), Libanesisch-deutsches Forscherteam entdeckt weltweit größten antiken Steinblock in Baalbek [ Lebanese-German Research Team Discovers the World's Largest Ancient Stone Block in Baalbek ] , Berlin: German Archaeological Institute   .
Analogies in Construction Techniques Between the Temples at Heliopolis (Baalbek) and Jerusalem" , Levant (No. 1), pp.
(French) Lendering, Jona (2013), "Baalbek (Heliopolis)" , Livius , retrieved 8 September 2015   .
Lohmann, Daniel (2010), "Giant Strides towards Monumentality: The architecture of the Jupiter Sanctuary in Baalbek/Heliopolis", Bolletino di Archaologia [ Bulletin of Archaeology ], Special Volume, pp.
Ruprechtsberger, Erwin M. (1999), "Vom Steinbruch zum Jupitertempel von Heliopolis/Baalbek (Libanon) [From the Quarry to the Temple of Jupiter of Heliopolis (Baalbek, Lebanon)]", Linzer Archäologische Forschungen [ Linz Archaeological Research ], Vol. 30, pp.
(German) Steiner, Richard C. (Fall 2009), "On the Rise and Fall of Canaanite Religion at Baalbek: A Tale of Five Toponyms" , Journal of Biblical Literature , Vol. 128, No. 3   .
Volney, Constantin François de Chasseboeuf, comte de (1787), Voyage en Syrie et en Égypte, Pendant les anneés 1783, 1784, & 1785, avec deux Cartes Géographiques & deux Planches gravées, représentant les ruines du Temple du Soleil à Balbek, & celles de la ville de Palmyre dans le Désert de Syrie [ Travel in Syria and Egypt, during the Years 1783, 1784, & 1785, with two maps & two engravings, showing the ruins of the Temple of the Sun at Baalbek & those of the city of Palmyra in the Syrian Desert ] , Paris: Volland; Desenne   .
(French) Wiegand, Theodor (1925), Baalbek: Ergebnisse der Ausgrabungen und Untersuchungen in den Jahren 1898 bis 1905 [ Baalbek: Results of the Excavations and Surveys from the Years 1898 to 1905 ] , Walter de Gruyter, ISBN   978-3-11-002370-1   .
External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Baalbek .
Wikivoyage has a travel guide for Baalbek .
Archaeological research in Baalbek from the German Archaeological Institute "Baalbek" , World Heritage Reviews , New York: UNESCO World Heritage Centre   .
Baalbeck International Festival Baalbek Railway Station (2006) at Al Mashriq v t e World Heritage Sites in Lebanon Byblos Anjar Baalbek Ouadi Qadisha (the Holy Valley) Forest of the Cedars of God (Horsh Arz el-Rab) Tyre v t e Lebanon   articles History Phoenicia Ancient Roman era Arab era Ottoman Empire Mount Lebanon Emirate Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate French mandate Civil War Cedar Revolution Geography Anti-Lebanon mountains Beqaa Cities Districts Governorates Mount Lebanon Sheeba Farms South Lebanon Politics Constitution Foreign relations Human rights LGBT Military Political parties President Prime Minister Economy Agriculture Central Bank International rankings Pound (currency) Telecommunications Tourism Transport Culture Architecture Cinema Cuisine wine Demographics Education Flag Music Public holidays Religion Sports Television Outline Index Book Category Portal v t e Baalbek District , Beqaa Governorate Capital: Baalbek Towns and villages Ain Ainata Ali El Nahri Arsal Baalbek Barka Bednayel Bechwat Brital Btadhi Bodai Chaat Chlifa Chmestar - Gharbi Baalbeck Deir el Ahmar Douriss Fakiha - Jdeydeh Fleweh Hadath Baalbek Halbata Hallanieh Hazin Hosh Barada Hosh el Rafika Hosh Snid Hosh Tal Safiya Hrebta Iaat Jabbouleh Janta Jdeide Kah Karha Khodr Khraibeh Kasarnaba Laat Labweh Majdloun Mikna Nabi Chit Nabi Othman Nahleh Ram - Jbenniyeh Ras Baalbek Ras el Hadis Saayde Seriine el Fawka Seriine el Tahta Talya Taraya Tayba Temnin el Fawka Temnin el Tahta Tfail Wadi Faara Yammouneh Younine Other Ard Tlaili Jabal es Saaïdé v t e Archaeological sites in Lebanon Aadloun Aaiha Aammiq Aaqbe Ain Aata Ain Choaab Ain Harcha Akbiyeh Akkar plain foothills Al-Bireh Amioun Amlaq Qatih Anjar, Lebanon Antelias cave Apheca Ard Saouda Ard Tlaili Arqa Baalbek Baidar ech Chamout Batroumine Batroun Bechamoun Beirut Beit Mery Berytus (Roman Beirut) Bustan Birke Byblos Canalizations of Zenobia Dahr El Ahmar Dakoue Deir El Aachayer Deir el Ahmar Deir Mar Maroun Dekwaneh Douris (Baalbek) Elaea (Lebanon) Flaoui Fadous Sud Hebbariye Hadeth south Haret ech Cheikh Hashbai Heliopolis in Phoenicia Hermel plains Iaat Jabal es Saaïdé Jbaa Jdeideh Jebel Aabeby Jeita Grotto Joub Jannine Jieh Kafr Zabad Kamid al lawz Kamouh el Hermel Karak Nuh Kaukaba Kefraya Kafr Tebnit Kfar Qouq Kfarhata Khallet Michte Khirbet El-Knese Kouachra megalith field Ksar Akil Labweh Lake Qaraoun (Ain Jaouze) Libbaya Lion Tower Majdal Anjar Mansourieh Maronite mummies Mayrouba Mdoukha (Jebel Kassir) Moukhtara Mtaileb Nabi Zair Nachcharini Nahle, Lebanon Neba'a Faour Nebi Safa Niha Bekaa Phoenician port of Beirut Plain of Zgharta Qaa Qal'at Bustra Qalaat Tannour Qaraoun Qasr el Banat Ras Baalbek I Ras Beirut Ras El Kelb Rashaya Roman Forum of Berytus Roman hippodrome of Berytus Sands of Beirut Saraain El Faouqa Shheem Sidon Sin el Fil Sarepta Stone of the Pregnant Woman Tahun ben Aissa Taire Tayibe Tell Aalaq Tell Ablah Tell Addus Tell Ahle Tell Ain Cerif Tell Ain el Meten Tell Ain Ghessali Tell Ain Nfaikh Tell Ain Saouda Tell Ain Sofar Tell Ayoub Tell Bar Elias Tell Beshara Tell Bir Dakoue Tell Deir Tell Delhamieh Tell Derzenoun Tell Dibbine Tell el-Burak Tell El Ghassil Tell El Hadeth Tell Fadous Tell Hazzine Tell Hoch Rafqa Tell Karmita Tell Khardane Tell Kirri Tell Jezireh Tell Jisr Tell Kabb Elias Tell Majdaloun Tell Masoud Tell Mekhada Tell Meouchi Tell Mureibit Tell Murtafa Tell Nahariyah Tell Neba'a Chaate Tell Neba'a Litani Tell Qasr Labwe Tell Rasm El Hadeth Tell Rayak Tell Saatiya Tell Safiyeh Tell Saoudhi Tell Serhan Tell Shaikh Hassan al Rai Tell Shamsine Tell Sultan Yakoub Tell Taalabaya Tell Wardeen Tell Zenoub Tell Zeitoun Temnin el-Foka Temple of Bacchus Temple of Eshmun Temple of Jupiter Tlail megaliths Toron Tripolis (region of Phoenicia) Tyre Necropolis Tyre, Lebanon Wadi Boura Wadi Koura Wadi Yaroun Yammoune Yanta Ain W Zain Zahlé v t e Rulers of the Ayyubid dynasty Sultans of Egypt (1171–1250) Salah ad-Din al-Aziz Uthman al-Mansur Nasir al-Din al-Adil I al-Kamil al-Adil II as-Salih Ayyub al-Muazzam Turanshah Shajar al-Durr al-Ashraf Musa Emirs of Damascus (1174–1260) Salah ad-Din al-Afdal al-Adil I al-Mu'azzam Isa an-Nasir Dawud al-Ashraf Musa as-Salih Ismail as-Salih Ayyub al-Muazzam Turanshah an-Nasir Yusuf Emirs of Aleppo (1177–1260) Az-Zahir Ghazi al-Aziz Muhammad Dayfa Khatun (regent) an-Nasir Yusuf Emirs of Hims (1175–1262) Asad ad-Din Shirkuh Muhammad ibn Shirkuh al-Mujahid al-Mansur Ibrahim al-Ashraf Musa Emirs of Hama (1175–1341) Al-Muzaffar Umar al-Mansur Muhammad Nasir Kilij-Arslan al-Muzaffar Mahmud al-Mansur Muhammad II al-Muzaffar Mahmud II al-Mu'ayyad Abu al-Fida al-Afdal Muhammad Emirs of Jazira (1180–1260) Al-Awhad Ayyub al-Ashraf Musa al-Muzaffar Ghazi al-Kamil Muhammad Emirs of Yemen (1173–1228) Turan-Shah Tughtakin ibn Ayyub al-Mu'izz Ismail an-Nasir Ayyub Muzaffar Sulayman Mas'ud Yusuf Emirs of Baalbek (1175–1260) Ibn al-Muqaddam Turan-Shah Farrukhshah Bahramshah Al-Ashraf Musa as-Salih Ismail as-Salih Ayyub Saʿd al-Din al-Humaidi an-Nasir Yusuf v t e Roman colonies in ancient Levant Colonies of legion veterans Berytus Caesarea Maritima 2 Aelia Capitolina 1 3 Ptolemais 1 Colonies of late Empire Laodicea Antioch Seleucia Emesa Heliopolis 1 Palmyra 1 3 Damascus 1 3 Arca Caesarea Sidon Tyrus 1 Sebaste Bostra 1 3 Petra 1 Neapolis Philippopolis Dura Europos 2 Possible colonial status Gaza Ascalon Gerasa Gadara Emmaus Nicopolis Neronias Locations with modern names Israel : ( Jerusalem : Aelia Capitolina; Acre : Ptolemais; Caesarea : Caesarea Maritima; Imwas : Emmaus Nicopolis; Banias : Neronias) Palestinian Territories : ( Ghazzah : Gaza; Nablus : Sebaste ) Jordan : ( Petra : Petra; Umm Qais : Gadara; Jerash : Gerasa) Lebanon ( Arqa : Arca Caesarea; Beyrut : Berytus; Baalbeck : Heliopolis; Saida : Sidon; Tyre : Tyrus) Syria : ( Bosra : Bostra; Damascus : Damascus; Dura Europos : Dura Europus; Homs : Emesa; Latakia : Laodicea; Shahba : Philippopolis; Tadmur : Palmyra) Turkey : ( Antalya : Antioch; Samandağ : Seleucia) Related articles Colonia (Roman) Legacy of the Roman Empire 1 UNESCO World Heritage Sites; 2 Proposed; 3 in Danger Authority control WorldCat Identities VIAF : 133623732 GND : 4086176-4 BNF : cb120421528 (data) Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baalbek&oldid=762174084 " Categories : Tourist attractions in Lebanon Populated places in the Baalbek District World Heritage Sites in Lebanon Archaeological sites in Lebanon Great Rift Valley Phoenician cities Phoenician sites in Lebanon Coloniae (Roman) Populated places established in the 7th millennium BC Roman sites in Lebanon Tourism in Lebanon 7th-millennium BC establishments in Asia Sunni Muslim communities in Lebanon Hidden categories: All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from September 2015 Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from September 2015 Articles containing Latin-language text Articles with Arabic-language external links Vague or ambiguous geographic scope from September 2015 Articles with Greek-language external links Articles with Latin-language external links CS1 errors: dates Articles with unsourced statements from December 2013 Articles which use infobox templates with no data rows Pages using deprecated coordinates format Articles containing Arabic-language text Articles containing Ancient Greek-language text Vague or ambiguous time from January 2017 All Wikipedia articles needing clarification Wikipedia articles needing clarification from January 2017 All articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases Articles with specifically marked weasel-worded phrases from September 2015 Wikipedia articles needing clarification from September 2015 Articles with French-language external links Articles with German-language external links Articles with Syriac-language external links Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Wikipedia articles with BNF identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikivoyage Languages العربية Azərbaycanca Беларуская Български Català Cebuano Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Euskara فارسی Français Frysk 한국어 Հայերեն Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული Қазақша Кыргызча Latina Lietuvių Magyar മലയാളം მარგალური مصرى مازِرونی Nederlands नेपाली 日本語 Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча پنجابی Polski Português Română Русский Scots Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska Türkçe Українська اردو Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 27 January 2017, at 03:27.
22 Jun 2010 lamentira 159 El misterio de Baalbek Baalbek (o Balbek) se encuentra en el este del Líbano, en el famoso valle de Beqa’a, entre los ríos Litani y Asi.
Localización de Baalbek Los orígenes de Baalbek son un misterio.
El nombre “Baalbek” no denota una inconmensurable antigüedad.
No parece muy probable que el sitio comenzara a llamarse “Baalbek” en honor a un Baal cualquiera en tiempos posteriores, pues para entonces la región ya se había cristianizado, para ser más tarde sometida por el Islam.
Baalbek La famosa terraza de Baalbek es una de las principales bazas de los defensores de la hipótesis de los “ Antiguos Astronautas “, según la cual, en un pasado lejano, habitantes de otros mundos habrían visitado la Tierra .
En 1851, el estudioso francés Louis Felicien de Saulcy, quien más tarde realizaría una de las primeras excavaciones sistemáticas de Jerusalén, permaneció en Baalbek dos días, del 16 al 18 de mayo , y se convenció de que el basamento de la Gran Terraza eran los restos de un templo prerromano; dejó sentada esta opinión en su libro “Voyage autour de la Mer Morte” (“Viaje alrededor del Mar Muerto”) que data de 1864.
La hipótesis del origen extraterrestre de la terraza de Baalbek aún tardaría en llegar.
Curiosamente, la única fuente de información de Agrest respecto a Baalbek parece haber sido un indefinido libro publicado en París en 1898.
La hipótesis de Agrest respecto a Baalbek en particular, y a los “antiguos astronautas” en general, hizo escuela.
Las innumerables toneladas de los bloques de Baalbek parecen ser tan fascinantes que existen autores que no se resisten a mencionarlas, aunque no tengan nada que ver con el tema del que están tratando; por ejemplo, Charles Berlitz, quien en medio de un catálogo de maravillas que aparece en su magna obra “El Triángulo de las Bermudas” menciona “las enormes piedras de las fundaciones del templo de Júpiter, en Baalbek, Siria, emplazadas allí mucho antes de la construcción del templo y una de las cuales pesa 2.000 toneladas”.
Por cierto, en la actualidad Baalbek no queda en Siria, sino en el Líbano, pero pasémosle por alto este pequeño lapsus.
Es de hacer notar que las especulaciones que atribuyen la Terraza de Baalbek a la acción de los “antiguos astronautas” parten de dos supuestos básicos: que la plataforma fue construida en un pasado muy remoto, mucho antes de los templos que la coronan, que el peso de los grandes bloques supera la capacidad de transporte de la tecnología humana de la época en que se levantó la plataforma (¡y aún en el día de hoy!).
Si seguimos al pie de la letra la leyenda, tal y como se repite una y otra vez, sólo podemos concluir que las ruinas de Baalbek son simplemente imposibles e inexplicables, un misterio sin solución humana.
En los años 1904 – 1905 una expedición alemana realizó la primera excavación sistemática en las ruinas de Baalbek.
Todo esto hace sospechar que existe mucha gente que habla del tema sin molestarse en hacer algunas comprobaciones elementales, para las cuales no es necesario viajar a Baalbek ni excavar en la plataforma.
Los ingenieros romanos fueron expertos en la movilización de bloques pétreos de gran tamaño, incluso en condiciones mucho más difíciles que las que pudieran haberse dado en Baalbek, donde la cantera se encontraba relativamente próxima.
El obelisco tuvo que ser trasladado una distancia de alrededor de tres kilómetros en subida desde el nivel del mar hasta su emplazamiento final en el hipódromo, mientras que en Baalbek la distancia fue bastante menor y cuesta abajo.
Sin embargo, en vista de que en Baalbek se movieron varios bloques, es posible que los malacates se hayan armado en forma de callejón sin llegar a desmontarlos, para utilizarlos con los bloques sucesivos.
Conclusión Sin la menor duda, la construcción de Baalbek fue una verdadera hazaña.
Si bien no ha alcanzado aún, ni quizás alcance nunca, la fama de la Gran Pirámide, Baalbek sigue siendo una referencia ineludible a la hora de especular sobre viajeros procedentes del espacio exterior.
Y sin embargo, la misma historia sigue repitiéndose una y otra vez… Referencias: http://intercosmos.iespana.es/reportajes/ciencia/baalbek.htm
http://www.akasico.com/noticia.asp?ref=1217 http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Baalbek
http://www.paleoastronautica.com/088_baalbek.html
CarlosR 31/10/12 19:43 @ Ignacio : Entre este artículo y el que menciona MaGaO está debidamente explicado todo el proceso de extracción, corte y traslado de las piedras utilizadas en Baalbek, inclusive la propia construcción.
File:Baalbek - temple of Jupiter.jpg
Original file ‎ (2,824 × 4,237 pixels, file size: 2.97 MB, MIME type: image/jpeg ) Summary [ edit ] Description Baalbek - temple of Jupiter.jpg
English: The temple of Jupiter in Baalbek temple complex, in Lebanon.
Français : Le temple de Jupiter, dans le complexe religieux de Baalbek , au Liban.
العربية  | অসমীয়া  | Azərbaycanca  | Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎  | বাংলা  | Català  | Čeština  | Cymraeg  | Dansk  | Deutsch  | Zazaki  | Ελληνικά  | English  | Esperanto  | Español  | Eesti  | Euskara  | فارسی  | Тоҷикӣ  | Suomi  | Français  | Galego  | עברית  | हिन्दी  | Hrvatski  | Magyar  | Հայերեն  | Bahasa Indonesia  | Italiano  | 日本語  | ქართული  | Қазақша  | 한국어  | Lëtzebuergesch  | Lietuvių  | Македонски  | മലയാളം  | Bahasa Melayu  | Malti  | Plattdüütsch  | Nederlands  | Norsk nynorsk  | Norsk bokmål  | Polski  | Português  | Português do Brasil  | Română  | Русский  | Slovenščina  | Српски / srpski  | Svenska  | தமிழ்  | ไทย  | Tagalog  | Türkçe  | Татарча/tatarça  | Українська  | Tiếng Việt  | Yorùbá  | 中文（简体）‎  | 中文（繁體）‎  | 粵語  | +/− Valued image This image has been assessed under the valued image criteria and is considered the most valued image on Commons within the scope: Temple of Jupiter in Baalbek .
Date/Time Thumbnail Dimensions User Comment current 20:05, 10 October 2011 2,824 × 4,237 (2.97 MB) Eusebius ( talk  | contribs ) {{Information |Description ={{en|1=The temple of Jupiter in {{w|Baalbek}} temple complex, in Lebanon.}}
{{fr|1=Le temple de Jupiter, dans le complexe religieux de Baalbek , au Liban.}}
File usage on Commons The following 7 pages link to this file: User:Eusebius/brouillon User talk:Eusebius/Archives/Promotions/October 2011 Commons:Quality images/Subject/Places/Man made structures/Buildings, Exterior/Part 2 Commons:Quality images candidates/Archives October 2011 Commons:Valued image candidates/Baalbek - temple of Jupiter.jpg
Baalbek Usage on fa.wikipedia.org
Liban Culture du Liban Baalbek Usage on fy.wikipedia.org
Baalbek Usage on hy.wikipedia.org
Libanon Baalbek Usage on no.wikipedia.org
Baalbek Usage on pcd.wikipedia.org
Baalbek Usage on sl.wikipedia.org
Baalbek Usage on te.wikipedia.org
Focal plane resolution unit inches Custom image processing Normal process Exposure mode Auto exposure White balance Auto white balance Scene capture type Standard Serial number of camera 1180314634 Lens used EF-S18-55mm f/3.5-5.6 IS Date metadata was last modified 23:58, 10 October 2011 Credit/Provider Guillaume Piolle Copyright status Copyrighted Contact information , , France Short title Baalbek - temple of Jupiter Keywords Baalbek Jupiter Lebanon antique antiquity architecture columns middle east roman ruined ruins temple IIM version 4 Retrieved from " https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?title=File:Baalbek_-_temple_of_Jupiter.jpg&oldid=123531256
" Category : Temple of Jupiter in Baalbek Hidden categories: Quality images by Eusebius Quality images Valued images by Eusebius Taken with Canon EOS 450D Taken with Tamron SP AF 17-50mm F2.8 Photos by Eusebius - Lebanon CC-BY-3.0 Media with locations Valued images Valued images sorted by promotion date Valued images promoted 2011-10 Self-published work Valued images of Lebanon Quality images of Lebanon Pages with maps Navigation menu Personal tools English Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces File Discussion Variants Views View Edit History More Search Navigate Main page Welcome Community portal Village pump Help center Participate Upload file Recent changes Latest files Random file Contact us Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Permanent link Page information This page was last modified on 9 May 2014, at 10:12.
Submitir Contacto Tienda Donación News Info y Teorías Aliens-OVNIs Expediente X Misterio Antiguos Orígenes Ciencia y Evolucion Mas... Alternativa Mundo Tóxico Ir a... Inicio News Info y Teorías Aliens y OVNIs Expediente X Misterio Antiguos Orígenes Ciencia y Evolucion Alternativa Mundo Tóxico Soporte - Submitir - Contacto - Donación Entradas Recientes Siguenos por Email Recientes Misterio Video 19/3/12 La plataforma de Baalbek - ¿Fue un puerto espacial construido por extraterrestres?
Publicadas por C1040 Categoría: civilizaciones 3/19/2012 5 comentarios Este artículo presenta y analiza los descubrimientos realizados en las colosales ruinas de Baalbek , Líbano, y la posibilidad de que son la evidencia de una antigua supercivilización o, al menos, una civilización técnicamente avanzada de la "prehistoria".
Visión general Baalbek es el nombre de un sitio arqueológico en el Líbano.
Un panorama de la antigua Baalbek.
Baalbek.
La parte más antigua de las ruinas de Baalbek (la plataforma) no encajan absolutamente con ninguna cultura conocida y originalmente fueron empleados para algún motivo misterioso.
En la base de la pared del fondo, las grandes piedras de Baalbek Las enormes piedras también siguen en este lado, aunque sus sub-estructuras siguen enterradas.
En el episodio titulado "Extraterrestres y Lugares Sagrados", los teóricos de los antiguos astronautas dicen que los enormes bloques de piedra que componen la base del complejo de templos de Baalbek tienen 9000 años de antigüedad.
Como lo afirma la Epopeya de Gilgamesh, escrito hace unos 4.000 años por los sumerios, en donde llaman a Baalbek el lugar de aterrizaje de los dioses.
Baalbek De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Baalbek Nombre descrito en la Lista del Patrimonio de la Humanidad Entrada del Templo de Baco (hacia 1890-1923) Baalbek Ubicación de Baalbek en Líbano.
Para otros usos ver Heliópolis (desambiguación) Baalbek (en árabe : بعلبك Ba'lbakk ) es actualmente una localidad de Líbano de 25 000 habitantes a 86 km al este de Beirut .
Índice 1 Historia del yacimiento 1.1 Orígenes 1.2 Fase helenística 1.3 Fase romana 1.4 Fase paleocristiana y bizantina 1.5 Fase árabe-islámica 1.6 Redescubrimiento europeo y misiones arqueológicas 2 Descripción del santuario 2.1 Propileos 2.2 Patio hexagonal 2.3 Gran patio 2.4 Templo de Júpiter 2.5 Templo de Baco 2.6 Templo redondo o templo de Venus 3 Baalbek en la actualidad 4 Clima 5 Bibliografía 6 Enlaces externos Historia del yacimiento [ editar ] Orígenes [ editar ] Los orígenes de Baalbek se remontan a dos asentamientos cananitas que las excavaciones arqueológicas bajo el templo de Júpiter han permitido datar su antigüedad, siendo de la Edad del Bronce antigua ( 2900 - 2300 a.
El término Baalbek significaría entonces ‘señor de la Bekaa’ y estaría, probablemente, relacionado con el oráculo y el santuario dedicado al dios Baal o Bēl (a menudo identificado como Hadad, dios del sol, de la tempestad y de la fertilidad de la tierra) y a Anat , diosa de la violencia y de la guerra, hermana y consorte de Baal (más tarde se identificaría con Astarté ), quizá asociada a Tammuz (más adelante identificado con Adonis ), dios de la regeneración primaveral.
Fase helenística [ editar ] El historiador hebreo Flavio Josefo (siglo I) recoge el paso de Alejandro Magno por Baalbek en su marcha hacia Damasco .
Algunos estudiosos afirman que aún Baalbek continúa siendo un centro de culto pagano.
Ocupada por breve tiempo por los bizantinos de Juan I Tzimisces en el 974 , Baalbek se convierte en el 1025 en dominio de los mirdasidos, guiados por el emir de Alepo Ṣāliḥ ibn Mirdās, y finalmente por los selyúcidas de Tutuš en el 1075 .
Después del 1516 , Baalbek entró a formar parte del imperio otomano , en el interior del eyalet (provincia) de Damasco.
En 1984 el yacimiento de Baalbek es inscrito en las listas de los Patrimonio de la Humanidad de la Unesco .
Baalbek en la actualidad [ editar ] Vista panorámica del Gran Patio del complejo del templo de Baalbek.
En los años sucesivos a la independencia libanesa, el valle de la Beqaa sufrió una relativa marginalidad económica y política, aunque Baalbek sí pudo contar con ganancias derivadas de la creciente afluencia de visitantes locales y extranjeros.
Después de comenzar a celebrarse esporádicamente espectáculos estivales desde 1922 , es a partir de 1955 cuando se organiza de manera sistemática el Festival de Baalbek, comprendiendo su programa de un conjunto de espectáculos teatrales, ópera lírica, conciertos de música clásica y ligera, organizado en el marco del gran patio.
El festival fue interrumpido en 1975 , por la guerra civil libanesa (1975- 1990 ), cuando la ciudad de Baalbek se convierte en un asentamiento de la milicia Hezbolá .
En 1997 , se reanudó el Festival de Baalbek y en 1998 se inauguró la colección permanente que constituye el núcleo central del nuevo Museo arqueológico.
Clima [ editar ]   Parámetros climáticos promedio de Baalbek, Líbano  Mes Ene.
media (°C) -0.5 0.2 2.6 6.4 10.0 14.2 16.1 16.5 12.7 9.5 5.2 1.7 7.9 Precipitación total (mm) 149 112 96 25 10 0 0 0 0 21 69 111 593 Días de lluvias (≥ 1 mm) 14 12 10 5 3 1 0 0 0 5 8 11 69 Fuente: Chinci World Atlas [ 1 ] Bibliografía [ editar ] Traducido del italiano que indica la siguiente bibliografía: Alouf, Michel, History of Baalbek , San Diego, Book Tree, 1998.
Fabbri, Patrizia, Baalbek.
ISBN 0-88206-015-5 Van Ess, Margarete, e Weber, Thomas, Baalbek.
Enlaces externos [ editar ] Wikimedia Commons alberga contenido multimedia sobre Baalbek Commons .
La piedra de la mujer embarazada: uno de los monolitos más grandes de la antigüedad ↑ «Baalbek, Baalbek-Hermel, Lebanon (populated place)» , Chinci World Atlas , consultado el October 2011   .
Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Baalbek&oldid=95918025 » Categorías : Localidades del Líbano Patrimonio de la Humanidad en Líbano Asentamientos fundados en el VII milenio a. C. Arqueología fenicio-púnica Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Artículos buenos Wikipedia:Artículos con coordenadas en Wikidata Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas العربية مصرى Azərbaycanca Беларуская Български Català Cebuano Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Français Frysk עברית Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша 한국어 Кыргызча Latina Lietuvių മലയാളം مازِرونی नेपाली Nederlands Norsk nynorsk Norsk bokmål Polski پنجابی Português Română Русский Scots Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Svenska Türkçe Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча Tiếng Việt მარგალური 中文 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 30 dic 2016 a las 09:43.
Elevada sobre la perezosa ciudad de Baalbek está uno de los mayores logros de la arquitectura.
Aún más extraordinario es el hecho de que en una cantera de piedra caliza cerca de un cuarto de milla de distancia del complejo de Baalbek es un elemento aún más grande.
Dicen que la primera ciudad de Baalbek fue construida antes de la gran inundación por Caín, hijo de Adán, al cual Dios desterró a la "tierra de Nod" que yace 'al este del Edén "por asesinar a su buen hermano Abel, y lo llamó después de su hijo Enoc.
4   La ciudadela, dicen, cayó en ruinas en el tiempo del diluvio y fue mucho más tarde reconstruida por una raza de gigantes bajo el mando de Nimrod, el "poderoso cazador" y "rey de Sinar" de la Libro del Génesis. 5 Así que, ¿A quién creemos - a los académicos que son de la opinión de que la gran plataforma fue construida por los romanos, o a los cuentos populares locales que atribuyen mampostería ciclópea de Baalbek a una edad mucho más temprana?
Por otra parte, ¿por qué acreditar a Caín, hijo de Adán paria, como el constructor de la primera ciudad de Baalbek?
En un intento de responder a algunas de estas preguntas, será necesario revisar la historia conocida de Baalbek y examinar más de cerca las piedras del Trilithon en relación con el resto de las ruinas que vemos hoy.
Heliopolis del Este Los estudiosos sugieren que Baalbek comenzó su vida como un puesto comercial céntrico, entre la costa libanesa y Damasco.
9 Calcis, la moderna Majdel Anjar, que entonces era el centro político de la Beqa'a, mientras Baalbek fue su principal centro religioso.
Heliópolis era el nombre dado a Baalbek bajo los Ptolomeos de Egipto en algún momento entre 323 y 198 antes de Cristo.
Tras un breve periodo en el que Mark Anthony entregó el Líbano y Siria de vuelta a la reina Cleopatra, la última reina ptolemaica de Egipto, el Líbano se convirtió en una colonia romana alrededor del 27 A.C., y fue durante esta fase de su historia que se inició la construcción de los templos de Baalbek. 10 La principal deidad que eligieron para presidir Baalbek era Júpiter, el dios del cielo.
Es, por supuesto, de Baal que Baalbek deriva su nombre, que significa, simplemente, 'ciudad de Baal ".
Sin embargo, cuándo, y cómo, el dios del maíz, lluvia, tempestad y el trueno, fue adorado aquí no se conoce, a pesar de que la leyenda afirma que Baalbek era el supuesto lugar de nacimiento de Baal.
11   En la Biblia, Baalbek aparece con el nombre de Balat, 12 una ciudad re-fortalecida por el rey Salomón de Israel, c.970 BC (1 Reyes 09:15 y 2 Crónicas.
Estos tres corresponden muy bien con la tríada romana de Júpiter, Mercurio y Venus, cuya veneración es casi seguro que conserva en dedicación a los tres templos de Baalbek.
13 Cualquiera que sea la naturaleza de la adoración pre-romana en Baalbek, la veneración de Baal creó una forma híbrida del dios Júpiter, generalmente conocido como Jupiter Heliopolitan.
Académicos sugieren que este podio interior, o plataforma de piedra rectangular nivel de llenado de tierra, era un componente inacabado de un templo al aire libre construido por los sacerdocios seléucidas en la Edad del Bronce existente algún momento entre el 198 y el 63 A.C.. 16   La gran santidad de Baalbek fue así conocida incluso antes de la construcción del templo, ya que se dice que posee un reconocido oráculo que, de acuerdo con un gramático latino y autor llamado Macrobio (siglo AD 420), se expresaba a través del movimiento de una gran estatua que se encuentra en el patio.
Según el profesor H. Kalayan , cuyo extenso programa de topografía del complejo de Baalbek fue publicado en 1969, el templo de Júpiter y su patio mirando hacia el este fueron planeados simultáneamente como un diseño global.
Sin embargo, esto no es lo que pasó en Baalbek, ya que en su patio cesaba en línea con la fachada del templo.
19   El Trilithon ¿Los arquitectos romanos de Baalbek cambian de opinión tan fácilmente?
20   Al verlos se logra un sentido de admiración inimaginable para los sentidos, como lo puso un ex curador de antigüedades en Baalbek, Michel M. Alouf , acertadamente: "La descripción no le dará una idea exacta del desconcertante y embrutecedor efecto de estos enormes bloques en el espectador."
El estudioso de Baalbek, Friedrich Ragette , en su trabajo de 1980 titulado simplement, Baalbek , sugiere que esas enormes piedras se utilizaron debido a que "según la tradición fenicia, (los podios) tenían que consistir en no más de tres capas de piedra", y ya que éste era de doce metros de altura, lo que significaba el uso de enormes bloques de construcción.
Ragette señala que el gran temor inspirado por la Trilithon aseguró que Baalbek fuese recordado por las generaciones posteriores, no por la grandeza de sus magníficos templos, sino por sus tres grandes piedras que la gente ignorante creyó que fueron construidas por gigantes sobrehumanos de alguna época pasada.
27 ¿Fue esta la explicación real de por qué los gigantes fueron acreditados con la construcción de Baalbek - porque ingenuos habitantes y viajeros no podían aceptar que los romanos tuvieran el poder de lograr esas grandes hazañas de ingeniería?
No hay evidencia de que tal transporte haya salido a la luz en Baalbek, y la superficie de la Trilithon no ha revelado signos reveladores de perforaciones de agujeros Lewis.
37   Curiosamente, el único ejemplo de este tratado es una traducción al árabe hecha por un nativo de Baalbek llamado Costa ibn Luka en torno a 860 D.C. 38   ¿Sugirió él que el conocimiento de este manual de ingeniería había sido conservado en la ciudad desde que se aprobó la época romana, de generación en generación hasta que finalmente llegó a manos de Costa ibn Luka?   Por supuesto que es posible, pero si esto es así o no, no es de ninguna utilidad práctica a la hora de la construcción de la Trilithon es harina de otro costal.
E incluso si suponemos que sí tienen la capacidad, entonces esto no puede fechar definitivamente las distintas fases de construcción en Baalbek.
Hay, sin embargo, evidencia tentadora para demostrar que algunos de los primeros arqueólogos y viajeros europeos que visitarron Baalbek vinieron con la creencia de que la Gran Plataforma era mucho mayor que los templos romanos cercanos.
Por ejemplo, el erudito francés, Louis Félicien de Saulcy , se quedó en Baalbek del 16 al 18 Marzo de 1851 y se convenció de que las paredes de podio fueron los "restos de un templo pre-romano."
Puesto que todas estas estructuras tienen entre 3,000 y 6,000 años de antigüedad, se podría argumentar que los cursos inferiores de la pared del podium exterior en Baalbek son anteriores al complejo del templo romano por lo menos en mil años.
58 Pero, ¿cómo puede este conocimiento recién descubierto de la relación entre Egipto y Byblos relacionarse con Baalbek?
En primer lugar, parece haber habido un fuerte vínculo entre la leyenda de Isis-Osiris y las montañas al noroeste de Baalbek.
En el lago de Apheca, el antiguo nombre de Lago Yammouneh, a unos 32 km de distancia de Baalbek ", y así vivió en el Líbano", o así lo registró el arqueólogo Baalbek y el historiador Michel M. Alouf .)
61   Además de esta historia de la estatua, había también una fuerte tradición, contada por Macrobio y otros, que los sacerdotes egipcios en realidad erigieron un templo en Baalbek, dedicado al culto del sol.
¿Podría esta transmisión de las ideas religiosas de Egipto a Baalbek estar conectado de alguna manera a la llegada una vez al año de una "cabeza" egipcia en Byblos, y con el fatídico viaje de Osiris dentro de un ataúd cerrado?
65 Según un manuscrito árabe encontrado en Baalbek y citado por Alouf en su informativa Historia de Baalbek, "después del diluvio, cuando Nimrod reinó sobre el Líbano, envió a los gigantes a reconstruir la fortaleza de Baalbek, llamada así en honor a Baal, el dios de los moabitas y adoradores del sol.
" 66 La tradición local afirma incluso que la Torre de Babel se encuentra realmente en Baalbek.
Por otro lado, la supuesta conexión entre gigantes, titanes y Baalbek es harina de otro costal.
¿Podría esta conexión marinera ayudar a explicar por qué el ataúd de madera que contenía el cuerpo de Osiris fue llevado por el mar a Byblos, y por qué los sacerdotes de Heliópolis, en Egipto tuvo tanto interés en Baalbek en tiempos de Ptolomeo?
Es un tema que requiere mucha más investigación antes de poder sacar conclusiones definitivas, pero las capacidades avanzadas aparentes de la cultura Byblos propuesta nos permite percibir la antigüedad de la gran plataforma de Baalbek en una nueva luz.
¿Podría este conocimiento ayudar a explicar los métodos detrás del de corte, el transporte y posicionamiento de los bloques de 1000-toneladas utilizados en gran plataforma de Baalbek?
¿Porqué Baalbek?
Si aceptamos por un momento que la gran plataforma de Baalbek, y tal vez incluso el podio interior que soporta el templo de Júpiter, bien podría poseer una antigüedad mucho mayor de lo que se ha imaginado, entonces, ¿qué a qué propósito podría haber servido la estructura Baalbek?
¿Y qué antigüedad tiene Baalbek?
El arqueólogo francés Michel Alouf aparentemente supo de la región de Baalbek por el Patriarca maronita, un hombre llamado Estfan Doweihi , que: "... La fortaleza de Baalbek en el Monte Líbano es el edificio más antiguo en el mundo.
Sin embargo, si podemos aceptar la existencia de una cultura pre-fenicia que no sólo empleó el uso de mampostería ciclópea en la construcción de edificios, sino que también poseía buques marítimos y floreció en el Mediterráneo, en algún lugar entre 7000 A.C. y 3000 A.C., se abre la puerta a la posibilidad de que la "fortaleza" de Baalbek también pueda datar de esta primera fase de la historia humana.
De una manera extraña el conflicto fraternal entre Cronos y sus hermanos es paraleoa a la lucha bíblica entre Caín y Abel, lo que sugiere que la relación entre Caín y Baalbek bien podría tener algún significado simbólico a la temprana historia del sitio.
75 ¿Sería posible que la "ciudad" de Baalbek fue construida, no sólo como un centro religioso, sino también como una fortaleza impenetrable contra los ataques por lo que sea vemos que constituían los gigantes y los titanes de la mitología?
La cultura constructora de la Esfinge de Egipto es evidencia de que tales competencias tecnológicas pudieran haber estado disponibles ya en 10,500 antes de Cristo, mientras que nuestro conocimiento actual de la plataforma de Baalbek nos da una base firme para hacer retroceder su fecha de construcción aceptada por al menos mil años.
Aunque las fechas propuestas para la cultura del Byblos de Sanchoniatho están abiertas a la pregunta, creo que la hipótesis de la fortaleza sagrada nos lleva mucho más cerca de desentrañar los misterios de Baalbek.
NOTAS 1. Ragette, Baalbek , p.33. 2. Ibid., P.114.
3. Alouf, MM, Historia de Baalbek , p.98. 4. Ibid., P.39, citando una historia contada por Estfan Doweihi, un patriarca maronita.
5. Ibid., P.41, citando un manuscrito árabe encontrado en Baalbek.
De hecho, la tradición local afirma que la región alrededor de Baalbek era el lugar predilecto de los personajes Génesis como Adán y sus hijos Abel, Caín y Seth.
BIBLIOGRAFÍA Alouf, Michel M., Historia de Baalbek , 1890, American Press, Beirut, 1953 Bauval, R, y G. Hancock, Keeper of Genesis , Wm Heinemann, London, 1996 Budge, EA Wallis, The Egyptian Book of the Dead , 1895, Dover Publications, Nueva York, 1967 Collins, A., De las cenizas de los Ángeles , Michael Joseph, London, 1996 Cory, IC, fragmentos antiguos , 1832, Wizards Bookshelf, Minneapolis, 1975 Hancock, G., Fingerprints of the Gods , Wm Heinemann, London, 1995 Herm, Gerhard, los fenicios , 1973, Futura, London, 1975 Kalayan, H., "Notas sobre el Patrimonio de Baalbek y la Bekaa" en recursos culturales en el Líbano , Beirut, 1969 Lempriere, J., Un Diccionario Clásico , Geo.
F., Baalbek , Chatto & Windus, London, 1980 Renan, E., Misión de Phenicie , París, 1864 Whishaw, EM, la Atlántida en Andalucía , Rider, London, 1930   Regresar a Baalbek - Un Misterio Regresar a Temas / Las Traducciones de Adela Kaufmann    
Home Biografía Webmaster Ana Vazquez Hoys "Investigación y opinión acerca del mundo antíguo...." El Sol Negro, la venganza de Nefertiti Ver más libros Blog diseñado por R&A Marketing 2 jul 10 Etiquetas: antigravedad o gigantes , Arqueologia , baal , baalbek , bloques ciclopeos , espías de canaán y gigantes , Hajar el Gouble (Piedra del sur) o Hajar el Hibla (Piedra de la mujer embarazada) , heliopolis de siria , libano actual , misterio piedras baalbek , señor de la bekaa , Trilithon .
Escrito por Ana Vázquez Hoys. 5 comentarios Baalbek y el misterio de sus grandes piedras (Trilithon) En el Líbano actual  se encuentran , a 1150 m sobre el nivel del mar, las mayores ruinas  conocidas de templos del mundo:Baalbek o Heliópolis de Siria.
El término Baalbek significaría entonces “señor de la Bekaa” e estaría, probablemente, relacionado con el oráculo y el santuario dedicado al dios Baal o Bēl (a menudo identificado como Hadad, dios del sol, de la tempestad y de la fertilidad de la tierra) y a Anat, diosa de la violencia y de la guerra, hermana y consorte de Baal (más tarde se identificaría con Astarté), quizá asociada a Tammuz (más adelante identificado con Adonis), dios de la regeneración primaveral.
Templos de Baco (arriba) y Júpiet(abajo),  Baalbek, Líbano http://www.prophecy.worthyofpraise.org/baalbek/baalbek-19.jpg Baalbek, la ciudad del  dios Baal, también llamada Heliopolis, la Ciudad del Sol, residencia del dios griego Helios.
¡Fijaos bien en el tamaño de las personas que están arriba¡ The massive Trilithon at Baalbek. 9 (The silhouetted two-storey house has been inserted for scale.)
Un articulo SERIO en inglés: http://vejprty.com/baalbek.htm
Baalbek Location in Lebanon Coordinates: 34°0′25″N 36°12′14″E Mapa de Wikipedia en inglés La mayor piedra (la más grande piedra de construcción del mundo) tiene 21,36 m de largo y 4,33 de alto, su anchura es de 4,6 m y pesa entre 1200 y 2000 toneladas.
La mayor de las increíbles piedras,aún en la cantera Esa piedra así como otros aspectos de la  terraza de Baalbek ofrecen a los arqueólogos y otros científicos un gran misterio.
http://www.satorws.com/sator8/Baalbek%20e%20i%20Giganti/baalbek%20%2811%29.jpg
Pero esas piedras a veces citadas como “grandes” son sólo una décima de las medidas de las piedras de Baalbek.
As this depiction shows, the launch facility was located on a great platform; and indeed, the truly ancient site of Baalbek encompassed a paved stone platform of about five million square feet!
Dimensiones de esta vista previa: 800 × 600 píxeles:Wikipedia:Gran patio del templo de Júpiter,Baalbek Unable as they were to move the whole obelisk, the Romans had taken only as much as they could carry.
Finishing the centuries old project took almost fifty years.. Knowing all these facts then bears heavily on our judgement of what the Romans could, or could not do at Baalbek.
b)  But, allegedly, the same Roman engineers had successfully transported the three Trilithon blocks weighing twice as much, plus, twenty-four more blocks weighing pretty well as much,  i.e.,  300 -  400 tons, all of which we see in the enclosure wall of the Baalbek temple terrace.
© Jiri Mruzek June, 2000 0000000000 El territorio de Baalbek es ,  al contrario , con cuestas, curvas y estrechos espacios para maniobras.
En Baalbek no se cuenta con esas condiciones de terreno.
Parece ser que, claramente, la terraza de Baalbek no proviene de los tiempos romanos.
http://blog.pucp.edu.pe/media/871/20090903-baalbek003.JPG Estos monolítos son de piedra arenisca  y fueron extraídos de la cantera a más de un kilómetro de distancia, valle abajo respecto a la construcción.
Alouf, Michel, History of Baalbek , San Diego, Book Tree, 1998.
Fabbri, Patrizia, Baalbek.
ISBN 0-88206-015-5 Van Ess, Margarete, e Weber, Thomas, Baalbek.
Im Bann römischer Monumentalarchitektur , Mainz, Philipp von Zabern, 1999 El trilithon o tres grandes piedras de Baalbek, Libano.¿Obra
It should be noted that both Cain and Ham were biblical figures who did things wrong and had to be punished, which raises the question of why local legend would associate them with the Baalbek temples.
Vázquez, Felicitarle por este estudio sobre Baalbek y el “¿misterio?” de sus trilitos o “trilithon”.
A través de su estudio, he conocido de la existencia del Templo de Baalbek y tengo algunas dudas que me gustaría tuviera a bien concretarme.
Dando por hecho que, en la construcción del templo romano de Júpiter (siglo I a.C) fue aprovechada la base del monumento original del templo de Baalbek dónde se encuentran los trilitos, y dejando de lado las exageraciones bíblicas de los gigantes y por supuesto a extraterrestres reptilianos varios, me gustaría que me concretase acerca del pueblo, cultura o civilización que trabajó estos trilitos que, en mi opinión, es lo que realmente interesa de Baalbek.
Si bien, en su estudio menciona: “El término Baalbek significaría entonces “señor de la Bekaa” e estaría, probablemente, relacionado con el oráculo y el santuario dedicado al dios Baal o Bēl” Deduzco que el santuario original estaría dedicado al dios de origen ¿cananeo?
Por tanto, tengo dudas de qué pueblo fue el que edificó el templo Baalbek original.
El granito tiene una densidad de: 2,63 g /cm3 3. Por tanto el trilito inacabado de Baalbek tiene un peso de: 2,63 gramos m3 x 1.000 = 2.630 kg/m3.
Al parecer ha sido imposible transportarla ni por los primeros constructores del templo de Baalbek ni por ocupantes posteriores de este territorio.
Eso es lo impresionante de Baalbek y su trilito inacabado.
Tanto las de Baalbek como las pirámides o los obeliscos.Bastantes veces.
Por tanto sólo se que Baalbek tiene una extensa cronología, según los arqueólogos, que llega desde fases del Bronce Antiguo al menos a fines de la época bizantina.
News UFO Images Ancient Aliens Annunaki UFOs on Camera Black Projects Ancient Spirals Ancient Mysteries Pumapunku Baalbek UFO Videos All Videos Ancient Aliens Gift Shop Contact Home / Ancient Mysteries / Baalbek Baalbek, known as “The Landing Place” to ancient Sumerians.
Megalithic ruins from 7,000 B.C. Baalbek (Arabic: بعلبك‎) is a town in the Bekaa Valley of Lebanon, altitude 1,170 metres (3,840 ft), situated east of the Litani River.
It is famous for its exquisitely detailed yet monumentally scaled temple ruins of the Roman period, when Baalbek, then known as Heliopolis, was one of the largest sanctuaries in the Empire.
Aleppo Baalbek Alter of Baalbek Ancient Aliens Lost Technology of Baalbek Ancient Baalbek Ancient City of Baalbek Bacchus Ancient Roman Temple on site of Baalbek Anjar Greek Inscription on Re-used Column Arc near Tempel of Bel Baalbek 1200 Ton Megalith Baalbek Alcove of Great Courtyard Baalbek Alter Baalbek Ancient Aliens Devistation Lost Technology Baalbek Ancient Art Baalbek Ancient Art Stone Megalith Artwork Baalbek Ancient City baalbek ancient city mystery Baalbek Ancient Decorative Designs Lost Technology Baalbek Ancient Engineering Baalbek Ancient History Ancient Aliens Baalbek Ancient Mystery Baalbek Ancient Stone Master Builders Baalbek Ancient Technology Massive Stone Megalith Baalbek Arabic Graffiti Interior of Bacchus Temple Baalbek Archetecture Ancient Technology Baalbek Art Decorating Baalbek Bacchus Temple Baalbek Bacchus Temple Entrance baalbek baccus Baalbek Ceiling Details Baalbek Chambers Baalbek City Baalbek Closeup of Lintel Bacchus Temple baalbek columns Baalbek Courtyard Baalbek Courtyard Ancient Mystery Baalbek Courtyard Ruins Baalbek Courtyard Ruins Devistation Baalbek Decorated Megalithic Strutures Baalbek Destroyed Ruins Megalithic Baalbek Discovery Baalbek Exterior of Bacchus Temple Baalbek Foundation Megaliths Baalbek Freestanding Columns Baalbek Frieze on Entry Portal to Bacchus Temple Baalbek Hallways Baalbek Inscription on Ruin Fragment Baalbek Inscription to Jove Baalbek Interior Baalbek Interior Courtyard Baalbek Interior Temple of Bacchus Baalbek Jupiter Baalbek largest stone megalith Baalbek Largest Stone Monument in the World Baalbek Lebanon Baalbek Lebanon Lion Head Water Spout Baalbek Lintel of Entry Portal to Bacchus Temple Baalbek Lion Baalbek Lion Head Waterspout Ancient Engineering Baalbek main entrance Baalbek Megalith Foundation Baalbek Megalith Stone Foundations Ancient Mystery Baalbek Megalithic Stone Monuments baalbek megalithic stones Baalbek Mosaic of Bacchus Under a Tree Baalbek Mosque Ancient Mystery Baalbek mosque hezbollah flag Baalbek Mosque Pillars Baalbek Motif Art Baalbek mysterious shaft Baalbek Old Photo of Ancient Stone Megalith Foundations Baalbek Oldest Megalithic Site in the World Baalbek Outer Portico of Bacchus Temple Baalbek Palace Interior Baalbek Palace of Jupiter Baalbek Passageways Baalbek Propylaea Baalbek Quarry Ancient Mystery Ancient Aliens baalbek Remains Baalbek Roman Construction at Ancient Site Baalbek Ruins baalbek ruins detailed stone work Baalbek Ruins from Above Baalbek Ruins of Columns Baalbek Sacred Mystery Baalbek Sacred Places Baalbek Sacred Symbols Lion Water Baalbek Sarcophagus Baalbek Shrine Baalbek Stone Artwork Baalbek Stone Details Baalbek Stone Geometry Baalbek Stone of Pregnant Woman Baalbek Syria Trilithon Baalbek Temple Baalbek Temple Bacchus Baalbek Temple Jupiter Column Ruins Baalbek Temple of Bacchus Baalbek Temple of Bacchus Columns Baalbek Temple of Jupiter Baalbek Temple Ruins Lebanon Ariel View Baalbek Tourist Map Baalbek Trilithon Baalbek Trilithon Ancient Technology Bacchus Baalbek Bakchus Brana Baalbek Byblos Baalbek City of Baalbek Ruins City of Baalbek Ruins overlooking the Mountains Columns at Baalbek Courtyard Baalbek Lebanon Cyclops Baalbek Massive Megalithic Stone Foundations Destroyed Baalbek Ancient Mystery 9,000 BC Destroyed Baalbek Lost Ancient Technology Sacred Knowledge Enterance to Baalbek Fallen pillar segment in Balbek Falling Column Baalbek Graffiti at Baalbek habemus papam et bacchus regebat Impossible Stone Megalith Baalbek Inside Tempel of Bel Keystone Missing at Baalbek Largest Megalith Baalbek Largest Stones in the World Baalbek Lebanon Courtyard Baalbek Massive Stone Monuments of Baalbek Master Builders Baalbek Ancient Mystery Megalithic Trilithon Baalbek Megaliths Man Made Platform Baalbek Old Photo Baalbek Giant Megalith Part of arc near Tempel of Bel Remains of Baalbek Remains of Baalbek Temple Columns Roman Megaliths at Baalbek Round Temple of Venus in Baalbek Ruins of Baalbek Courtyard sarcophage des sts Serge et Bacchus (1179) Vérone, musée du Castelvecchio Site of Baalbek Megaliths Standing Wall of Temple at Baalbek Stone of Pregnant Woman Baalbek Temple Baalbek Temple of Jupiter at Baalbek Temple of Jupiter Baalbek Temple of Jupiter in Baalbek Lebanon Temple of Jupiter Ruins The Acropolis of Baalbek Middle East Waterspout Lion Baalbek Worlds Largest Megalith Baalbek     Be Sociable, Share!
No items UFOs and Presidents Secret Off Planet Astronauts Alien Implants Best Evidence Recent Posts Nazi UFO Conspiracy Ancient Swastika Alien Implants Best Evidence Secret Access: UFOs On The Record (History Channel FULL Video) Baalbek No items Recent Comments Ancient aliens, structures, pyramides, sphinx… on Pumapunku Red Ice Radio – Philip Coppens – The Ancient Alien Question | RicheousIndigNation on Ancient Aliens Sonda IBEX da Nasa detecta partículas “alienígenas” em nosso sistema solar « Caminho Alternativo on Ancient Spirals Ukena on News Blog Jewel Kuczma on Ancient Aliens Season 1 FULL Episodes Polls Are UFO's multidimensional?
