Golden Gate De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Para otros usos de este término, véase Golden Gate (desambiguación) .
Golden Gate Vista del estrecho Ubicación geográfica y administrativa Continente América del Norte Océano Océano Pacífico País(es)   Estados Unidos División(es)   California Subdivisión(es) Condados de San Francisco y Marín Dimensiones Longitud 7,9 km Mapa(s) de localización Situación del estrecho Golden Gate, a la entrada de la bahía de San Francisco Vista de satélite Coordenadas 37°49′00″N 122°29′00″O ﻿ / ﻿ 37.816666666667, -122.48333333333
[ editar datos en Wikidata ] El Golden Gate ( Puerta Dorada en español ) es un estrecho situado en la California occidental, que separa la bahía de San Francisco , del Océano Pacífico .
El famoso puente de Golden Gate , con un ancho de 28 m y 2,7 km de longitud, desde 1937 cruza el estrecho para unir San Francisco , al sur, con el condado de Marin , al norte.
Exploraciones europeas [ editar ] Fotografía del Golden Gate mirando al oeste hacia el Pacífico.
El Golden Gate, como se ve desde los promontorios Marín ( Marin Headlands ) mirando al suroeste hacia el mar abierto.
El Golden Gate, mirando hacia el sur en dirección a San Francisco.
Puente Golden Gate y Bahía de San Francisco de Noche.
El Golden Gate está a menudo envuelto en la niebla debido al clima de esa ciudad.
Esto puede crear fuertes vientos que llevan aire húmedo desde el océano a través de la ruptura de las montañas causada por el Golden Gate, lo que comúnmente causa un flujo de niebla densa al entrar en la bahía.
Estos galeones rara vez sobrepasaban al este las islas Farallon (27 km al oeste del Golden Gate), por temor a encallar en las rocas entre las islas y el continente.
En sus memorias, John C. Frémont escribió: «a esta puerta le di el nombre de Chrysopylae , o Golden Gate , por las mismas razones que el puerto de Bizancio se llamaba Chrysoceras o Cuerno de Oro ». [ 2 ] La Zona de Recreo del Golden Gate ( Golden Gate National Recreational Area ) fue creada en 1972 por el Servicio Nacional de Parques de Estados Unidos .
Se extiende hacia el norte y sur del puente Golden Gate y también incluye las islas de Alcatraz y Ángel .
Véase también [ editar ] Puente de Golden Gate Notas [ editar ] ↑ Un proceso similar creó el cañón submarino Hudson Canyon , aguas afuera de la costa de New York y New Jersey.
↑ «To this Gate I gave the name of "Chrysopylae", or "Golden Gate"; for the same reasons that the harbor of Byzantium was called Chrysoceras, or Golden Horn».
Enlaces Adicionales [ editar ] Golden Gate Bridge por Viaja por Libre Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Golden_Gate&oldid=94754180 » Categorías : Estrechos del océano Pacífico de Estados Unidos Geografía de San Francisco Estrechos de California Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Wikipedia:Artículos con coordenadas en Wikidata Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Afrikaans العربية Azərbaycanca Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch English Esperanto Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Français Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 Basa Jawa 한국어 Kurdî Bahasa Melayu Nederlands Norsk bokmål Polski Português Română Русский Svenska తెలుగు Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 3 nov 2016 a las 10:09.
Visit the Golden Gate mobile-friendly Web site.
Search Golden Gate Translations Breaking News & Current Events   Tuesday, Jan 31, 9:53 AM    Jan.
27, Board of Directors Does Not Approve Agreement for Golden Gate Ferry to Assume Tiburon-SF Commute Ferry Service    Beginning Oct. 24, Regional Travel Impacts due to SFMTA's Van Ness Improvement Project    NEW!
Purchase Golden Gate Sausalito Ferry Tickets Online Now! Go to Press Room for More News.....   Opportunities with Golden Gate Contract Opportunities Job Opportunities Advertising Opportunities Filming & Photography Permits   Current Projects & Stats Sausalito Ferry Terminal Project Main Cable Repainting All Electronic Tolling Seismic Retrofit Suicide Barrier Moveable Median Barrier Traffic and Ridership Data   Did You Know? ...how many people attended the 50th anniversary celebration of the Golden Gate Bridge?
Pay a Golden Gate Bridge Toll I Want to Pay a Toll Invoice Learn About Toll Payment Choices   Live Webcam Visit the Multimedia Gallery   Pay Larkspur Ferry Parking Fee Pay Parking Fee Now Parking Fee FAQs Online Store Purchase Transit Passes and Period Passes online Golden Gate Bridge Online Gift Shop 511 SF Bay Trip Planner *The Golden Gate Bridge name is protected by Streets and Highway Code Section 27563.
Top of Page This site is presented and managed by: GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE HIGHWAY & TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT Board of Directors | Contract Opportunities | Job Opportunities | Site Map | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | About the Website   © Copyright 2006-2017 Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
San Francisco Recreation and Park Secondary menu Skip to primary content Disability Questions Support Reserve Register Now Destinations Search Sk8 Balboa Skate Park Cayuga Playground Mobile Rec rocks California Academy of Sciences 76th Annual Stern Grove Festival Zumba fitness party at Upper Noe Rec Center on Lake Merced Legion of Honor Get your the hands dirty by volunteering today Bernal in summer, what a great view Yoga in the park Tower de Young Museum Yacht Harbor & Marina Hike John McLaren Park with experienced staff and docents Main menu Skip to primary content Parks & Open Spaces Golden Gate Park Guide Camp Mather Guide SF Marina Small Craft Harbor Golf Courses Natural Areas Dog Play Areas Urban Trails Program Urban Ag Program Recreation & Services Find a Class Recreation Programs Recreation Facilities Aquatics & Pools Registration Information Rec Program Scholarships Community Rec Council News & Events Calendar of Events Rec & Park News sfRecParkTV Photo Gallery In the News Press Releases Park Improvements 2012 Clean and Safe Neighborhood Parks Bond 2008 Clean & Safe Parks Bond Active Capital Projects Capital Publications Parks: Open to Public Urban Agriculture Program Permits & Reservations Athletic Fields Film, Video, & Photo Production Indoor Facilities Picnic Area Rentals Special Events Stadium Rentals Weddings Rain Out Information About Us – Contact Us Commission PROSAC Community Meetings Jobs Disability Questions Publications Partnership Opportunities Who We Are Contact Us Parks Nav Golden Gate Park Camp Mather Marina & Harbor Golf Courses Natural Areas Dog Play Areas Urban Trails Program Urban Ag Program Golden Gate Park Guide We’re proud to welcome more than 13 million visitors each year to Golden Gate Park, one of San Francisco’s greatest treasures.
Within Golden Gate Park’s 1,017 acres you’ll discover gardens, playgrounds, lakes, picnic groves, trails, and monuments, plus an array of cultural venues, events, and activities.
Get directions to Golden Gate Park from google maps.
Golden Gate Park We’re proud to welcome more than 13 million visitors each year to Golden Gate Park, one of San Francisco’s greatest treasures.
From a vast, windswept expanse of sand dunes, park engineer William … Continue reading → Conservatory of Flowers A Victorian confection of wood and glass, the Conservatory of Flowers, which opened in 1879, is the oldest building in Golden Gate Park and one of San Francisco’s most beloved landmarks.
It … Continue reading → Music Concourse The Music Concourse, a landscaped basin between the California Academy of Sciences and the de Young Museum, is a vital civic and cultural space within Golden Gate Park, hosting free concerts on Sundays during the … Continue reading → de Young Museum The de Young, San Francisco’s oldest museum, is housed in a strikingly modern copper-sheathed building designed by Pritzker Prize-winning architects Herzog & de Meuron.
Devoted to studying and sharing the diversity of life on the … Continue reading → Japanese Tea Garden The Japanese Tea Garden in Golden Gate Park is the oldest in the United States, created for the 1894 California Midwinter International Exposition as part of the fair’s Japanese Village exhibit.
Jointly oper­ated by the San Fran­cisco Recre­ation and Parks Depart­ment (SFRPD) and the Friends of … Continue reading → Stow Lake Golden Gate Park’s largest body of water, Stow Lake is a popular spot for strolling, picnicking, and pedaling around in boats, which can be rented at the boathouse.
Its … Continue reading → Beach Chalet This 1925 Spanish Revival-style building at the park’s western end, designed by renowned architect Willis Polk, originally housed a lounge and bathing facilities for Ocean Beach swimmers on the ground floor and … Continue reading → Dutch Windmill On the far western edge of Golden Gate Park stand two wooden windmills that were built to pump groundwater for irrigating the park’s lawns and gardens, helping to transform the dunes that … Continue reading → Anglers Lodge Tucked away in the park’s western end, just across from the Bison Paddock, are three serene pools and a rustic mountain-style lodge, home to the Golden Gate Angling and Casting Club.
Generations … Continue reading → Herschell-Spillman Carousel Three carousels have been housed in Golden Gate Park near the Koret Children’s Quarter since the playground opened.
The current carousel was built in 1914 by the Herschell-Spillman Company and operated at … Continue reading → Oak Woodlands Natural Areas While most of Golden Gate Park has been landscaped with lawns, flowerbeds and other ornamental features, a few remnants of San Francisco’s oak woodlands still exist in this world-renowned park.
The northeast … Continue reading → Golden Gate Park Senior Center The Golden Gate Park Senior Center is a recreation center dedicated to the enjoyment of quality activities for all seniors age 55 and over.
Our goal is to provide seniors with programs … Continue reading → Golden Gate Park Golf Course *Note: the initial Resident Golf Card login information provided by letter does not integrate with Golden Gate Park GC’s booking portal.
To book a tee time, please register a new account, or … Continue reading → Bison Paddock Visitors to Golden Gate Park are often astounded to stumble upon a herd of American bison browsing in a meadow in the park’s western end, but these huge, shaggy Great Plains denizens … Continue reading → Chain of Lakes Before Golden Gate Park’s builders transformed the landscape, there were 14 marshy lakes nestled within the sand dunes that covered this part of San Francisco.
Now only five remain, including the Chain … Continue reading → Koret Playground & Carousel Generations of San Franciscans (and young visitors from around the world!) have fond memories of the children’s playground and carousel in Golden Gate Park’s southeast corner.
The playground, called the Sharon Quarters for Children … Continue reading → GGP Archery Fields One of the many unique features of the park, the Golden Gate Park Archery Field is located at 47th Avenue and Fulton Street.
Hay bales … Continue reading → GGP Horseshoe Pits Hidden away in the secluded northeast section of Golden Gate Park, the horseshoe court dates back to the 1920s, with hand-hewed rock, a raised arena, and concrete relief sculptures added in a … Continue reading → Golden Gate Park Tennis Complex Located in the heart of Golden Gate Park (just minutes away from iconic Haight-Ashbury district and the Conservatory of Flowers), lies one of San Francisco’s best kept secrets: the Golden Gate Park Tennis Complex.
… Continue reading → Disc (Frisbee) Golf Course San Francisco’s first disc golf course is located in Golden Gate Park in Northern California.
The … Continue reading → Arch of Colonial Trees On October 19, 1896, the anniversary of the surrender of Lord Cornwallis at Yorktown, under the supervision of John McLaren, trees sent from the original 13 States were planted near the Pioneer … Continue reading → Golden Gate Park Segway Tours Explore Golden Gate Park’s 1000+ acres while riding a Segway!
Enjoy a fully narrated tour through Golden Gate Park’s landscaped trails … Continue reading → Golden Gate Park in Bloom Golden Gate Park never stops blooming, and its gardeners never stop working.
The entire park is a garden created out of sand dunes by gardeners’ hands in the 1870s, and generations of … Continue reading → Golden Gate Park Bird Almanac When you visit Golden Gate Park, keep an eye out and an ear peeled for birds nesting, resting, feeding, and singing; you may be surprised by all the activity going on!
The … Continue reading → Free Golden Gate Park Shuttle Additional Parking for the California Academy of Sciences, de Young Museum, Conservatory of Flowers, and SF Botanical Garden is available on the Great Highway.
There is now shuttle service on Saturdays, Sundays, and major holidays from there to locations throughout Golden Gate Park.
Continue reading → Contact Us Park Code Disability Questions Site Map SF Rec & Park :: Copyright © 2010 - 2017 Translate » SF Rec & Park Parks & Open Spaces ▲ Golden Gate Park Guide Camp Mather Guide SF Marina Small Craft Harbor Golf Courses Natural Areas Dog Play Areas Urban Trails Program Urban Ag Program Recreation & Services ▼ Find a Class Recreation Programs Recreation Facilities Aquatics & Pools Registration Information Rec Program Scholarships Community Rec Council News & Events ▼ Calendar of Events Rec & Park News sfRecParkTV Photo Gallery In the News Press Releases Park Improvements ▼ 2012 Clean and Safe Neighborhood Parks Bond 2008 Clean & Safe Parks Bond Active Capital Projects Capital Publications Parks: Open to Public Urban Agriculture Program Permits & Reservations ▼ Athletic Fields Film, Video, & Photo Production Indoor Facilities Picnic Area Rentals Special Events Stadium Rentals Weddings Rain Out Information About Us – Contact Us ▼ Commission PROSAC Community Meetings Jobs Disability Questions Publications Partnership Opportunities Who We Are Contact Us
Visit the Golden Gate mobile-friendly Web site.
Fares, Schedules & Maps   | Trip Planner Bus Schedules Ferry Schedules Fares Bridge Tolls & Information Maps Transit Route Locator FasTrak Customer Alerts    | Sign up for Email Alerts Current Transit Service Alerts GGB Construction & Bike Detour Alerts   Press Room   Golden Gate Bridge  >  Visitors   District Bridge Toll Payment Options Tolls & Traffic Operations Bikes & Pedestrians Visitors Toll Payment & Rates What To Do During Visit Directions, Transit, Parking Bikes & Pedestrians Construction Alerts Weather Research Library Bridge Projects Photo Gallery Gift Center News & Events Contact Us Ferry Transit  GO PLACES WITH US    Go Mobile!
Search Golden Gate Translations Visitors to the Golden Gate Bridge Welcome to the Golden Gate Bridge!
The visitor experience was recently renovated and renewed by our non-profit partner, the Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy , as their gift to the Golden Gate Bridge in honor if its 75th anniversary which was celebrated on May 27, 2012.
Before your trip to the Golden Gate Bridge, please check out these topics: All Electronic Tolling and Ways to Pay Your Toll Bridge History Visitor Experience Bridge Sidewalk Hours for Pedestrians and Bicyclists Virtual Bridge Tour and Photo Gallery Virtual Golden Gate Bridge Exhibition (learn about the engineering and history of the Bridge) What To Do Directions, Parking, & Transit Toll Payment Options Weather                                   Top of Page This site is presented and managed by: GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE HIGHWAY & TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT Board of Directors | Contract Opportunities | Job Opportunities | Site Map | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | About the Website   © Copyright 2006-2017 Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
Skip to global NPS navigation Skip to park navigation Skip to main content Skip to park information Skip to footer National Park Service Logo National Park Service Search This Site All NPS Search Open Menu Explore This Park Park Home Plan Your Visit Basic Information Operating Hours & Seasons Fees & Passes Current Conditions Permits & Reservations Weather Directions & Transportation Maps Eating & Sleeping Lodging Restaurants Places To Go Things To Do Outdoor Activities Camping Hiking Digital Wayfinding & Tours Recreational Fires Dogs in GGNRA Nearby Attractions Calendar Safety Accessibility Nearby Attractions Learn About the Park News News Features News Releases Archive Park in Progress Blog Press Kit Contact Public Affairs Photos & Multimedia Photo Gallery Alcatraz Fort Point Marin Parklands Muir Woods Presidio San Francisco Parklands San Mateo Parklands Coastal Defenses and Artillery General Troop Activity Events Natural Resources Projects and Planning Multimedia Presentations Audio Gallery Climate Update Podcasts Webcams History & Culture People John Muir Major Dana Crissy Ohlone and Coast Miwok Portuguese Dairy Farmers Congressman Phillip Burton Places Architectural Styles Fort Baker Fort Barry Fort Cronkhite Fort Mason Lands End Presidio of San Francisco San Francisco Bay Discover Site Stories The 1915 World's Fair Civil War at Golden Gate Alcatraz Occupation San Francisco Port of Embarkation Defending San Francisco Bay Creation of GGNRA Marin Headlands Agriculture UN Memorial at Muir Woods Buffalo Soldiers in the Park The State Belt Railroad The Broderick-Terry Duel The Dipsea Race Collections Finding Aids Exhibits FAQ Preservation Historic Railroad Tracks Archeology Historic Ceilings Parade Ground Restoration Porch Reconstruction Battery Chamberlin Preservation Battery Townsley Preservation Research Nature Animals Amphibians Birds Fish Insects, Spiders, Centipedes, Millipedes Mammals Other Invertebrates (corals, sponges, worms, etc.) Reptiles Plants Grasses Trees and Shrubs Wildflowers Environmental Factors Climate Change Restoration & Management Diseases Fire Regime Geologic Activity Hydrologic Activity Lightscape / Night Sky Nonnative Species Soundscape / Noise Weather Natural Features & Ecosystems Beaches Forests Intertidal and Subtidal Zones Oceans Prairies and Grasslands Rivers and Streams Sand Dunes Scrublands Wetlands, Marshes and Swamps Education Plan a Field Trip Elementary Secondary Kids & Youth Be A Junior Ranger Park Fun Teens Management Our Staff & Offices Park Statistics Laws & Policies Public Involvement Freedom Of Information Act FOIA: Reading Room Your Dollars At Work Fire Management Current Fire Information Fire and Fuels Planning Wildland-Urban Interface Interagency Training Fuels Management Fire Education Bookstore Publications Get Involved NPS Centennial Centennial at Golden Gate Partners Donate Volunteer Volunteer Opportunities & Internships Garden Conservancy Volunteer Image Gallery Design Volunteers In Parks Program Work With Us Do Business With Us Planning Current Plans and Projects Dog Management Planning Final Environmental Impact Statement Proposed Rule for Dog Management Timeline & History Completed Plans and Projects Redwood Creek Watershed Assessment Public Meetings and Events References More about the Division of Planning Sustainability Renewable Energy Energy Efficiency Green Buildings Fossil Fuels Water Solid Waste Green Purchasing Resources Golden Gate National Recreation Area California Park Home Plan Your Visit Basic Information Operating Hours & Seasons Fees & Passes Current Conditions Permits & Reservations Weather Directions & Transportation Maps Eating & Sleeping Lodging Restaurants Places To Go Things To Do Outdoor Activities Camping Hiking Digital Wayfinding & Tours Recreational Fires Dogs in GGNRA Nearby Attractions Calendar Safety Accessibility Nearby Attractions Learn About the Park News News Features News Releases Archive Park in Progress Blog Press Kit Contact Public Affairs Photos & Multimedia Photo Gallery Alcatraz Fort Point Marin Parklands Muir Woods Presidio San Francisco Parklands San Mateo Parklands Coastal Defenses and Artillery General Troop Activity Events Natural Resources Projects and Planning Multimedia Presentations Audio Gallery Climate Update Podcasts Webcams History & Culture People John Muir Major Dana Crissy Ohlone and Coast Miwok Portuguese Dairy Farmers Congressman Phillip Burton Places Architectural Styles Fort Baker Fort Barry Fort Cronkhite Fort Mason Lands End Presidio of San Francisco San Francisco Bay Discover Site Stories The 1915 World's Fair Civil War at Golden Gate Alcatraz Occupation San Francisco Port of Embarkation Defending San Francisco Bay Creation of GGNRA Marin Headlands Agriculture UN Memorial at Muir Woods Buffalo Soldiers in the Park The State Belt Railroad The Broderick-Terry Duel The Dipsea Race Collections Finding Aids Exhibits FAQ Preservation Historic Railroad Tracks Archeology Historic Ceilings Parade Ground Restoration Porch Reconstruction Battery Chamberlin Preservation Battery Townsley Preservation Research Nature Animals Amphibians Birds Fish Insects, Spiders, Centipedes, Millipedes Mammals Other Invertebrates (corals, sponges, worms, etc.) Reptiles Plants Grasses Trees and Shrubs Wildflowers Environmental Factors Climate Change Restoration & Management Diseases Fire Regime Geologic Activity Hydrologic Activity Lightscape / Night Sky Nonnative Species Soundscape / Noise Weather Natural Features & Ecosystems Beaches Forests Intertidal and Subtidal Zones Oceans Prairies and Grasslands Rivers and Streams Sand Dunes Scrublands Wetlands, Marshes and Swamps Education Plan a Field Trip Elementary Secondary Kids & Youth Be A Junior Ranger Park Fun Teens Management Our Staff & Offices Park Statistics Laws & Policies Public Involvement Freedom Of Information Act FOIA: Reading Room Your Dollars At Work Fire Management Current Fire Information Fire and Fuels Planning Wildland-Urban Interface Interagency Training Fuels Management Fire Education Bookstore Publications Get Involved NPS Centennial Centennial at Golden Gate Partners Donate Volunteer Volunteer Opportunities & Internships Garden Conservancy Volunteer Image Gallery Design Volunteers In Parks Program Work With Us Do Business With Us Planning Current Plans and Projects Dog Management Planning Final Environmental Impact Statement Proposed Rule for Dog Management Timeline & History Completed Plans and Projects Redwood Creek Watershed Assessment Public Meetings and Events References More about the Division of Planning Sustainability Renewable Energy Energy Efficiency Green Buildings Fossil Fuels Water Solid Waste Green Purchasing Resources Info Alerts Maps Calendar Reserve Alerts In Effect Dismiss × Contact Us Parks For The People Experience a park so rich it supports 19 distinct ecosystems with over 2,000 plant and animal species.
Tunnel & Overlook Closures in Marin A preservation project will close the tunnel & some scenic overlook parking in the Marin Headlands, Jan-May 2017 Things To Do Find out all the things you can do at Golden Gate NRA San Mateo County Learn more about planning in San Mateo County.
Permits (Picnics, Weddings, Film, etc.) Find out how to get permits for picnics, beach fires, weddings, filming & other special events Info for Visitors with Disabilities Find out what accessibility resources are available in Golden Gate NRA There's More to Golden Gate Venture to Muir Woods Visit the Redwoods Experience the Presidio See what you can do in the Presidio Tour the Rock Learn about this notorious prison Step Back into History Get your history and views at Fort Point Contact the Park Mailing Address: Golden Gate National Recreation Area Building 201, Fort Mason San Francisco , CA 94123-0022 Phone: (415) 561-4700 Pacific West Region Information Center (415) 561-4700 Special Event & Commercial Film Permits (415) 561-4300 Contact Us Tools FAQ Site Index Stay Connected Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Flickr More Search This Site All NPS National Park Service U.S. Department of the Interior National Park Service Logo Accessibility Privacy Policy FOIA Notices Disclaimer FAQ No Fear Act Contact Us USA.gov Facebook Facebook Youtube Youtube Twitter Twitter Instagram Instagram Flickr Flickr iTunes iTunes
Golden Gate Bridge From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search Golden Gate Bridge A view of the Golden Gate Bridge from the Marin Headlands Coordinates 37°49′11″N 122°28′43″W ﻿ / ﻿ 37.81972°N 122.47861°W ﻿ / 37.81972; -122.47861
Crosses Golden Gate Locale San Francisco , California and Marin County , California, U.S. Official name Golden Gate Bridge Maintained by Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District [1] Characteristics Design Suspension , truss arch & truss causeways Material Steel Total length 8,981 ft (2,737.4
222 Golden Gate Bridge Bridges in the San Francisco Bay The Golden Gate Bridge is a suspension bridge spanning the Golden Gate strait, the one-mile-wide (1.6 km), three-mile-long (4.8 km) channel between San Francisco Bay and the Pacific Ocean .
[7] The Frommer's travel guide describes the Golden Gate Bridge as "possibly the most beautiful, certainly the most photographed, bridge in the world."
Contents 1 History 1.1 Ferry service 1.2 Conception 1.3 Design 1.4 Finance 1.5 Construction 1.6 Opening festivities, 50th, and 75th anniversaries 2 Structural specifications 3 Aesthetics 4 Traffic 4.1 Usage and tourism 4.2 Tolls 4.3 Congestion pricing 5 Issues 5.1 Suicides 5.2 Wind 5.3 Seismic vulnerability and improvements 6 In popular culture 7 See also 8 References 9 Further reading 10 External links History [ edit ] Ferry service [ edit ] Golden Gate with Fort Point in foreground, c. 1891 Before the bridge was built, the only practical short route between San Francisco and what is now Marin County was by boat across a section of San Francisco Bay.
[9] The Sausalito Land and Ferry Company service, launched in 1867, eventually became the Golden Gate Ferry Company, a Southern Pacific Railroad subsidiary, the largest ferry operation in the world by the late 1920s.
[13] Conception [ edit ] Although the idea of a bridge spanning the Golden Gate was not new, the proposal that eventually took hold was made in a 1916 San Francisco Bulletin article by former engineering student James Wilkins.
Deakyne, on behalf of the Secretary of War, approved the transfer of land needed for the bridge structure and leading roads to the "Bridging the Golden Gate Association" and both San Francisco County and Marin County, pending further bridge plans by Strauss.
The name became official with the passage of the Golden Gate Bridge and Highway District Act by the state legislature in 1923, creating a special district to design, build and finance the bridge.
[19] San Francisco and most of the counties along the North Coast of California joined the Golden Gate Bridge District, with the exception being Humboldt County , whose residents opposed the bridge's construction and the traffic it would generate.
[24] Although the Golden Gate Bridge design has proved sound, a later Moisseiff design, the original Tacoma Narrows Bridge , collapsed in a strong windstorm soon after it was completed, because of an unexpected aeroelastic flutter .
[26] Below Golden Gate Bridge Ellis was a Greek scholar and mathematician who at one time was a University of Illinois professor of engineering despite having no engineering degree.
He eventually earned a degree in civil engineering from the University of Illinois prior to designing the Golden Gate Bridge and spent the last twelve years of his career as a professor at Purdue University.
[27] In May 2007, the Golden Gate Bridge District issued a formal report on 70 years of stewardship of the famous bridge and decided to give Ellis major credit for the design of the bridge.
The height, depth, and length of the span from end to end, looking west The Golden Gate Bridge at sunset, as seen from just north of Alcatraz Island Finance [ edit ] The Golden Gate Bridge and Highway District, authorized by an act of the California Legislature , was incorporated in 1928 as the official entity to design, construct, and finance the Golden Gate Bridge.
[30] The Golden Gate Bridge construction project was carried out by the McClintic-Marshall Construction Co., a subsidiary of Bethlehem Steel Corporation founded by Howard H. McClintic and Charles D. Marshall, both of Lehigh University .
The Bridge Round House diner was then included in the southeastern end of the Golden Gate Bridge, adjacent to the tourist plaza which was renovated in 2012.
An official song, " There's a Silver Moon on the Golden Gate ", was chosen to commemorate the event.
Strauss wrote a poem that is now on the Golden Gate Bridge entitled "The Mighty Task is Done."
[15] In May 1987, as part of the 50th anniversary celebration, the Golden Gate Bridge district again closed the bridge to automobile traffic and allowed pedestrians to cross the bridge.
[36] Although the bridge is designed to flex in that way under heavy loads, and was estimated not to have exceeded 40% of the yielding stress of the suspension cables, [37] bridge officials stated that uncontrolled pedestrian access was not being considered as part of the 75th anniversary on Sunday, May 27, 2012, [38] [39] [40] because of the additional law enforcement costs required "since 9/11 ". [41] A pedestrian poses at the old railing on opening day, 1937 Play media Opening of the Golden Gate Bridge Official invitation to the opening of the bridge.
Until 1964, the Golden Gate Bridge had the longest suspension bridge main span in the world, at 4,200 feet (1,300 m).
The total length of the Golden Gate Bridge from abutment to abutment is 8,981 feet (2,737 m).
The Golden Gate Bridge's clearance above high water averages 220 feet (67 m) while its towers, at 746 feet (227 m) above the water, were the world's tallest on a suspension bridge until 1998 when bridges in Denmark and Japan were completed.
[48] The Golden Gate Bridge by night, with part of downtown San Francisco visible in the background at far left A view of the Golden Gate Bridge from the Marin Headlands on a foggy morning at sunrise View of the northern tower of the bridge Traffic [ edit ] Installation of the movable median barrier system in January 2015 Play media Testing the newly installed movable barrier.
[49] For example, under the California Streets and Highways Code § 401 , Route 101 ends at "the approach to the Golden Gate Bridge" and then resumes at "a point in Marin County opposite San Francisco".
The Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District has jurisdiction over the segment of highway that crosses the bridge instead of the California Department of Transportation (Caltrans).
[51] To improve safety, the speed limit on the Golden Gate Bridge was reduced from 50 to 45 mph (80 to 72 km/h) on October 1, 1989.
[55] Bus service across the bridge is provided by two public transportation agencies: San Francisco Muni and Golden Gate Transit .
Muni offers Saturday and Sunday service on the Marin Headlands Express bus line, and Golden Gate Transit runs numerous bus lines throughout the week.
[63] In November 2006, the Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District recommended a corporate sponsorship program for the bridge to address its operating deficit, projected at $80 million over five years.
[64] [65] In an effort to save $19.2 million over the following 10 years, the Golden Gate District voted in January 2011 to eliminate all toll takers by 2012 and use only open road tolling .
In addition to the FasTrak electronic toll collection system, the Golden Gate District implemented the use of license plate tolling (branded as "Pay-by-Plate"), and also a one time payment system for drivers to pay before or after their trip on the bridge.
[68] The Golden Gate Transportation District then planned to increase the tolls by 25 cents in July 2015, and then by another 25 cents each of the next three years.
[69] Golden Gate Bridge toll increases (2014–18) [69] [70] Effective date FasTrak Toll-by-plate Carpool Multi-axle vehicle April 7, 2014 $6.00 $7.00 $4.00 $7.00 per axle July 1, 2015 $6.25 $7.25 $4.25 $7.25 per axle July 1, 2016 $6.50 $7.50 $4.50 $7.50 per axle July 1, 2017 $6.75 $7.75 $4.75 $7.75 per axle July 1, 2018 $7.00 $8.00 $5.00 $8.00 per axle Congestion pricing [ edit ] Further information: San Francisco congestion pricing Looking south In March 2008, the Golden Gate Bridge District board approved a resolution to start congestion pricing at the Golden Gate Bridge, charging higher tolls during the peak hours, but rising and falling depending on traffic levels.
Main article: Suicides at the Golden Gate Bridge The Golden Gate Bridge is the second-most used suicide site / suicide bridge in the world, after the Nanjing Yangtze River Bridge .
[79] [80] Wind [ edit ] Air race near the Golden Gate Bridge Since its completion, the Golden Gate Bridge has been closed because of weather conditions only three times: on December 1, 1951, because of gusts of 69 mph (111 km/h); on December 23, 1982, because of winds of 70 mph (113 km/h); and on December 3, 1983, because of wind gusts of 75 mph (121 km/h).
Seismic vulnerability and improvements [ edit ] Modern knowledge of the effect of earthquakes on structures led to a program to retrofit the Golden Gate to better resist seismic events.
[85] [86] Doyle Drive Replacement Project progress in October 2013 The former elevated approach to the Golden Gate Bridge through the San Francisco Presidio, known as Doyle Drive, dated to 1933 and was named after Frank P. Doyle, President and son of the founder of the Exchange Bank in Santa Rosa, and the man who, more than any other person, made it possible to build the Golden Gate Bridge.
[91] In popular culture [ edit ] Main article: Golden Gate Bridge in popular culture As a prominent American landmark, the Golden Gate Bridge has been used in numerous media which includes books, films and video games.
San Francisco with two bridges (Western section of Bay Bridge in the left background), Coit Tower (in background to the left of north tower), and Fort Mason (on the San Francisco waterfront in the background behind the north tower) from Marin Golden Gate Bridge at night, with San Francisco in the background Comparison of the side elevations of the Golden Gate Bridge and some notable bridges at the same scale.
(click for interactive version) See also [ edit ] Bridges portal San Francisco Bay Area portal 25 de Abril Bridge , a bridge with a similar design in Portugal Golden Gate Bridge in popular culture List of Historic Civil Engineering Landmarks List of longest suspension bridge spans List of San Francisco Designated Landmarks List of tallest bridges in the world San Francisco–Oakland Bay Bridge Suicide bridge Suspension bridge The Bridge , a 2006 documentary on suicides from the Bridge References [ edit ] ^ "Golden Gate Transportation District" .
^ Golden Gate Bridge at Structurae ^ a b Denton, Harry et al. (2004) "Lonely Planet San Francisco" Lonely Planet , United States, ISBN 1-74104-154-6 ^ "Annual Vehicle Crossings and Toll Revenues, FY 1938 to FY 2011" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
^ "Golden Gate Bridge" .
^ "Golden Gate Bridge – Museum/Attraction View" .
"The Golden Gate: 'The Bridge That Couldn't Be Built'," .
The Golden Gate Bridge .
^ "Special District Formed – Golden Gate Bridge and Highway District" .
^ Golden Gate Bridge Design (goldengatebridge.org)
^ Fort Point , Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
^ "72 years ago today, iconic Golden Gate Bridge finished construction ahead of schedule & $1.3 million under budget" .
^ "Life On The American Newsfront: Ten Men Fall To Death From Golden Gate Bridge" .
^ "Frequently Asked Questions about the Golden Gate Bridge" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
"Golden Gate Bridge's Plaza Flawed but Workable" .
"From Sea to Shining Sea: PG&E's Earley Joins Tribute to Golden Gate Bridge" .
No. 147, p. 2. Golden Gate Bridge  – 45th anniversary of completion.
"The Day the Golden Gate Bridge Flattened" .
"THE GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE" (PDF) .
"Golden Gate Crowd Made Bridge Bend" .
"Golden Gate Bridge officials nix walk for 75th anniversary" .
^ "Golden Gate Festival :: Golden Gate Bridge 75th Anniversary" .
Golden Gate National Parks Conservancy .
"A Historian's Long View of Golden Gate Bridge" .
^ "Golden Gate Bridge Facts" .
^ "Golden Gate Bridge: Construction Data" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
"The Golden Gate Bridge's Accidental Color" .
^ "Golden Gate Bridge: Research Library: How Often is the Golden Gate Bridge Repainted?" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
^ "Golden Gate Bridge: Construction Data: Painting The Golden Gate Bridge" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
^ "Golden Gate Bridge: Construction Data: How Many Ironworkers and Painters Maintain the Golden Gate Bridge?" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
"Golden Gate Bridge work finished early as barrier is installed" .
^ The Golden Gate Bridge, Sidewalk Access for Pedestrians and Bicyclists .
^ "Golden Gate Transit bus service" (PDF) .
Golden Gate Transit .
Golden Gate Bridge 75th Anniversary .
Golden Gate Bridge Highway and Transportation District .
"Golden Gate Bridge directors reject sponsorship proposals" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
"Golden Gate Bridge to eliminate toll takers" .
^ "All Electronic Tolling on the Golden Gate Bridge" .
"Tolls for crossing Golden Gate Bridge rise $1" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
"Congestion Pricing Approved for Golden Gate Bridge" .
"Golden Gate Bridge congestion toll plan dies" .
"Golden Gate bridge in San Fransico [ sic ] gets safety net to deter suicides" .
The fourth in a seven-part series on the Golden Gate Bridge barrier debate." .
"The suicide magnet that is the Golden Gate Bridge" .
^ "Frequently Asked Questions about the Golden Gate Bridge" .
Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District .
"70 YEARS: Spanning the Golden Gate:New will blend in with the old as part of bridge earthquake retrofit project" .
^ Overview of Golden Gate Bridge Seismic Retrofit Construction Project .
^ Golden Gate Bridge Authority (May 2008).
"Overview of Golden Gate Bridge Seismic Retrofit" .
"Famed Golden Gate Span Undergoes Complex Seismic Revamp" .
Dyble, Louise Nelson; the Golden Gate Bridge (2009).
"Jumpers: The fatal grandeur of the Golden Gate Bridge" .
Guthman, Edward; an easy route to death have long made the Golden Gate Bridge a magnet for suicides (October 30, 2005).
Building the Golden Gate Bridge: A Workers' Oral History .
Golden Gate: The Life .
(Documentary film regarding suicides occurring at the Golden Gate Bridge.)
"Golden Gate Bridge Natural Frequencies" .
External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to: Golden Gate Bridge ( category ) Official website Links for Golden Gate Bridge at DMOZ "Images of the Golden Gate Bridge" .
(A documentary film about the construction of the Golden Gate Bridge.)
"Live Toll Prices for Golden Gate Bridge" .
"Golden Gate Bridge facts" .
"End of Land Sadness – The history of Suicide and the Golden Gate Bridge" .
Golden Gate Bridge Movie .
Crossings of the San Francisco Bay West Pacific Ocean Golden Gate Bridge East North Bay: Richmond-San Rafael Bridge South Bay: Transbay Tube BART   World's longest suspension bridge span Preceded by George Washington Bridge Golden Gate Bridge 1937 – 1964 Superseded by Verrazano–Narrows Bridge v t e San Francisco attractions Landmarks 49-Mile Drive Alcatraz Bay Bridge Cable Cars The Castro Chinatown City Hall Cliff House Coit Tower F-Market Streetcar Fairmont Hotel Federal Reserve Bank Ferry Building Fisherman's Wharf Fort Mason Fort Point Ghirardelli Square Golden Gate Bridge Grace Cathedral Haight-Ashbury Jack Kerouac Alley Lombard Street Mark Hopkins Hotel Market Street Mission Dolores Nob Hill North Beach Old U.S. Mint Painted ladies Palace of Fine Arts Pier 39 Public Library Sutro Baths Transamerica Pyramid Treasure Island Union Square Museums and art Asian Art Museum Aquarium of the Bay Cable Car Museum California Academy of Sciences Palace of the Legion of Honor Cartoon Art Museum Chinese Historical Society Museum Conservatory of Flowers Contemporary Jewish Museum The Walt Disney Family Museum de Young Museum Exploratorium Haas-Lilienthal House Musée Mécanique Museo ItaloAmericano Museum of Performance & Design Museum of the African Diaspora Precita Eyes Randall Museum Ripley's Believe It or Not! San Francisco Museum of Modern Art San Francisco Maritime Railway Museum USS Pampanito Wattis Institute for Contemporary Arts Zeum Parks and recreation Alamo Square Candlestick Point Corona Heights Crissy Field Dolores Park Glen Canyon Golden Gate National Recreation Area Golden Gate Park Lafayette Park Lake Merced Marina Green McLaren Park Mount Davidson Ocean Beach The Presidio San Francisco Bay Trail San Francisco Zoo Stern Grove Twin Peaks Yerba Buena Gardens Views Coit Tower Twin Peaks Seal Rocks / Ocean Beach Baker Beach Golden Gate Bridge Fort Funston Hamon Observation Tower at the de Young Museum Strawberry Hill Crissy Field Pacific Heights Alamo Square / Painted Ladies Top of the Mark Alcatraz Treasure Island Lombard Street Powell-Hyde Cable Car Ferry Building Bernal Hill 49-Mile Scenic Drive Hawk Hill Fort Baker Entertainment American Conservatory Theater Bill Graham Civic Auditorium Cow Palace The Fillmore War Memorial and Performing Arts Center Yerba Buena Center for the Arts Sports San Francisco Giants AT&T Park Candlestick Park Kezar Stadium Food and drink Anchor Steam Boudin Bakery Buena Vista Cafe Dungeness crab Ghirardelli Tadich Grill Tonga Room & Hurricane Bar Top of the Mark Shopping Metreon Stonestown Galleria Union Square Westfield San Francisco Centre National Register of Historic Places listings in San Francisco v t e San Francisco Bay watershed Outline Hydrography Ecology List of tributaries List of lakes Subdivisions Major San Francisco Bay Suisun Bay San Pablo Bay Minor Golden Gate Grizzly Bay Richardson Bay San Rafael Bay Richmond Inner Harbor San Leandro Bay Former Yerba Buena Cove Mission Bay Waterways Rivers San Joaquin Sacramento Napa Guadalupe Petaluma Creeks (discharging into the Bay) Alameda Baxter Cerrito Codornices Coyote (Santa Clara) Coyote (Marin) San Leandro San Lorenzo Schoolhouse Temescal Sausal Redwood San Mateo Sonoma Corte Madera Arroyo Corte Madera del Presidio San Rafael Miller Novato Tolay San Francisquito Pacheco Alhambra Adobe Rodeo Refugio Pinole Garrity Rheem Karlson San Pablo Castro Wildcat Fluvius Innominatus Marin (Alameda County) Strawberry Easton Mission Creek Reservoirs Calaveras Reservoir Straits and estuaries Sacramento–San Joaquin River Delta Carquinez Strait Oakland Estuary Raccoon Strait Parks and protected areas Don Edwards National Wildlife Refuge San Pablo Bay National Wildlife Refuge Eden Landing Ecological Reserve Hayward Regional Shoreline Hayward Shoreline Interpretive Center Crown Memorial State Beach Eastshore State Park Emeryville Crescent State Marine Reserve Point Isabel Regional Shoreline César Chávez Park Brooks Island Regional Shoreline Point Pinole Regional Shoreline Antioch Dunes National Wildlife Refuge Coyote Point Park Middle Harbor Shoreline Park National Estuarine Research Reserve China Camp State Park San Francisco Maritime National Historical Park SF Bay Trail Oyster Bay Regional Shoreline Big Break Regional Shoreline Islands and peninsulas Major islands Alameda Alcatraz Angel Treasure Island Yerba Buena Minor Brooks Bair Bay Farm Belvedere Brother Castro Rocks Coast Guard Greco Mare Red Rock The Sisters Marin Islands Roe Ryer Seal Islands Peninsulas/infill Albany Bulb Point Isabel Foster City Fleming Point Hunters Point Steamboat Point Potrero Point Wetlands Chelsea Cordelia Crissy Field Hoffman Meeker Mowry Napa Sonoma Point Molate Seal Stege Suisun Westpoint Bridges and tubes Bridges San Francisco–Oakland Eastern span replacement Richmond–San Rafael San Mateo–Hayward Dumbarton Golden Gate Benicia–Martinez Antioch Carquinez Leimert Fruitvale Tubes Posey/Webster Street Transbay Ports and marinas Port of San Francisco Port of Oakland Port of Richmond San Francisco Naval Shipyard Mare Island Naval Shipyard Port of Redwood City Berkeley Marina Oyster Point Marina/Park Clipper Yacht Harbor Westpoint Harbor Foster City Marina (proposed) Other Discovery Site Humphrey the Whale Cosco Busan oil spill Delta and Dawn Golden Gate Biosphere Reserve California clapper rail Reber Plan San Leandro Oyster Beds Thicktail chub Delta smelt Richmond Shipyards U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Bay Model Guadalupe Watershed Clifton Court Forebay Conservation and Development Commission The Watershed Project Save The Bay Harold Gilliam Marincello Citizens for East Shore Parks Friends of Five Creeks Urban Creeks Council Cargill salt infill Ferry service / SF Bay Ferry 1971 oil spill Greenbelt Alliance The Bay Institute San Francisco Baykeeper San Francisco Estuary and Watershed Science Water Trail Estuary Partnership Leslie Salt Portal Category Authority control WorldCat Identities VIAF : 235599832 GND : 4271721-8 Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Golden_Gate_Bridge&oldid=762934296 " Categories : Golden Gate Bridge 1937 in California Art Deco architecture in California Bridges by Joseph Strauss Bridges completed in 1937 Bridges in San Francisco Bridges in Marin County, California Bridges on the United States Numbered Highways California Historical Landmarks California State Route 1 Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District Historic American Engineering Record in California Historic Civil Engineering Landmarks Landmarks in San Francisco Landmarks in the San Francisco Bay Area Pedestrian bridges in California Road bridges in California Roads with a reversible lane San Francisco Designated Landmarks Suspension bridges in the United States Symbols of California Toll bridges in California Towers in California U.S. Route 101 Tourist attractions in Marin County, California Works Progress Administration in California Hidden categories: Structurae ID different from Wikidata CS1 maint: Uses authors parameter All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from May 2016 Pages using ISBN magic links Use mdy dates from July 2016 Coordinates on Wikidata Articles which use infobox templates with no data rows Articles using Template:Infobox bridge with clearance Pages using Infobox bridge with extra All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from October 2007 Articles with DMOZ links Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Articles containing video clips Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Languages Afrikaans Ænglisc العربية Aragonés Azərbaycanca বাংলা Башҡортса Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Bikol Central Български Bosanski Català Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ދިވެހިބަސް Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Euskara فارسی Føroyskt Français Frysk Gaeilge Galego 한국어 Հայերեն हिन्दी Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano עברית ქართული Қазақша Kernowek Kiswahili ລາວ Latina Latviešu Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Magyar Македонски മലയാളം मराठी Bahasa Melayu မြန်မာဘာသာ Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk ਪੰਜਾਬੀ پنجابی Papiamentu Polski Português Română Русский Scots Shqip සිංහල Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Vepsän kel’ Tiếng Việt Winaray 粵語 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 31 January 2017, at 14:24.
Visit the Golden Gate mobile-friendly Web site.
Search Golden Gate Translations Breaking News & Current Events   Tuesday, Jan 31, 9:53 AM    Jan.
27, Board of Directors Does Not Approve Agreement for Golden Gate Ferry to Assume Tiburon-SF Commute Ferry Service    Beginning Oct. 24, Regional Travel Impacts due to SFMTA's Van Ness Improvement Project    NEW!
Purchase Golden Gate Sausalito Ferry Tickets Online Now! Go to Press Room for More News.....   Opportunities with Golden Gate Contract Opportunities Job Opportunities Advertising Opportunities Filming & Photography Permits   Current Projects & Stats Sausalito Ferry Terminal Project Main Cable Repainting All Electronic Tolling Seismic Retrofit Suicide Barrier Moveable Median Barrier Traffic and Ridership Data   Did You Know? ...when the Golden Gate Bridge opened ?
Pay a Golden Gate Bridge Toll I Want to Pay a Toll Invoice Learn About Toll Payment Choices   Live Webcam Visit the Multimedia Gallery   Pay Larkspur Ferry Parking Fee Pay Parking Fee Now Parking Fee FAQs Online Store Purchase Transit Passes and Period Passes online Golden Gate Bridge Online Gift Shop 511 SF Bay Trip Planner *The Golden Gate Bridge name is protected by Streets and Highway Code Section 27563.
Top of Page This site is presented and managed by: GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE HIGHWAY & TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT Board of Directors | Contract Opportunities | Job Opportunities | Site Map | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | About the Website   © Copyright 2006-2017 Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
Puente Golden Gate De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Puente Golden Gate (Golden Gate Bridge) Vista del puente Golden Gate Localización geográfica / administrativa Continente (o sub) América del Norte Región Bahía de San Francisco Área protegida País   Estados Unidos División   California Subdivisión Condados de San Francisco y Condado de Marin Localización San Francisco Características del puente Uso del puente Carretera, bicicletas y peatonal Tipo de puente Puente colgante y un pequeño puente en arco Material Acero Atraviesa Golden Gate Vía soportada US 101 / SR 1 (6 carriles, peatones y bicicletas) Peaje Longitud total 1970 m (estructura colgante) 2737 m (total) Vano mayor 1280 m Anchura 27 m Nº. pilonas 2 Altura 227 m Gálibo navegación 67 m Datos de diseño y construcción Gestión Duración obras 1933 - 1937 Inauguración 27/28 de mayo de 1937 Coste 35 millones de USD Destacado Coordenadas 37°49′8″N 122°28′43″O ﻿ / ﻿ 37.81889, -122.47861
Mapa de localización Puente Golden Gate Localización del puente en San Francisco Localización del puente en San Francisco Localización del puente en San Francisco [ editar datos en Wikidata ] El Golden Gate (en español, Puerta Dorada ) es un puente colgante situado en California , Estados Unidos , que une la península de San Francisco por el norte con el sur de Marin .
Golden Gate es también el nombre del estrecho en el cual el puente está construido, y recibe su nombre del estrecho en Constantinopla , llamado también la Puerta Dorada, ya que comunicaba Europa con Asia .
[ 1 ] El Golden Gate es el puente más famoso de San Francisco a pesar de no ser el mayor en esta ciudad, ya que el Bay Bridge es la vía principal.
El Golden Gate constituyó la mayor obra de ingeniería de su época.
El Golden Gate Bridge and Highway District fue autorizado por un acto de la Legislatura de California en 1928 como la entidad oficial para diseñar, construir y financiar el puente Golden Gate.
Eran demasiado pesados para llevarlos al otro lado del estrecho de Golden Gate en barcazas y levantarlos a lo alto de las torres.
Suicidios [ editar ] El puente Golden Gate ha sido un punto negro de suicidios desde su inauguración en 1937 y debido a su fama, muchos curiosos se acercan a la zona para esperar durante horas y poder presenciar uno en directo, ya que el número de suicidios desde el puente es alarmante.
Por ello, el 28 de junio de 2014 , las autoridades de San Francisco decidieron que era el momento de aprobar un fondo con un total de 76 millones de dólares, para colocar a lo ancho del Golden Gate una red de acero de más de 30 kilómetros.
Golden Gate y Bahía de San Francisco.
↑ «San Francisco pone fin a los suicidios desde el Golden Gate.»
Enlaces externos [ editar ] Wikimedia Commons alberga contenido multimedia sobre Puente Golden Gate .
Commons Página web oficial, con paseo virtual por el puente Golden Gate en Bridges4all (en español) Golden Gate Bridge Webcam en directo del Puente Golden Gate y alrededores Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Puente_Golden_Gate&oldid=96295722 » Categorías : Art déco Puentes colgantes de Estados Unidos Puentes de California Edificios y estructuras de San Francisco Transporte de San Francisco Arquitectura de Estados Unidos de 1937 Estados Unidos en 1937 Puentes de Estados Unidos de los años 1930 Puentes inaugurados en 1937 Puentes en el Registro Nacional de Lugares Históricos Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en francés Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en árabe Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Afrikaans Aragonés Ænglisc العربية Azərbaycanca Башҡортса Bikol Central Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български বাংলা Bosanski Català Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ދިވެހިބަސް Ελληνικά English Esperanto Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Føroyskt Français Frysk Gaeilge Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Íslenska Italiano 日本語 ქართული Қазақша 한국어 Kernowek Latina Lëtzebuergesch ລາວ Lietuvių Latviešu Македонски മലയാളം मराठी Bahasa Melayu မြန်မာဘာသာ Nederlands Norsk nynorsk Norsk bokmål ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Papiamentu Polski پنجابی Português Română Русский Scots Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски සිංහල Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Shqip Српски / srpski Svenska Kiswahili தமிழ் తెలుగు ไทย Türkçe Українська اردو Vepsän kel’ Tiếng Việt Winaray 中文 粵語 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 18 ene 2017 a las 16:45.
Inicio Programas y cursos Becas y ayudas Titulaciones Universitarias Blog Catálogo La asombrosa construcción del Puente Golden Gate Detalles Publicado: 18 Septiembre 2015 El Puente Golden Gate es el símbolo más representativo de la ciudad de San Francisco, y se encuentra salvando el Estrecho que le da nombre, permitiendo la comunicación entre esta ciudad y el Condado de Marin, en el Estado de California.
El Puente Golden Gate siempre ha estado pintado en color naranja bermellón, esta pintura protege el acero del puente de la corrosión, debido al alto contenido de sal del aire de la zona.
La construcción del puente fue un gran desafío debido a las características naturales de Estrecho de Golden Gate: fuertes mareas, vientos y niebla, la gran profundidad del estrecho y la gran proximidad a la peligrosa Falla de San Andrés.
La construcción del Puente Golden Gate comenzó en el año 1933 y fue inaugurado en 1937, teniendo un presupuesto de 35 millones de dólares.
Platform Experience Approach Verticals Team Operating Executives News Contact Us Main menu Skip to primary content Skip to secondary content Platform Financial Services Industrials IT and Business Services Retail, Restaurants, and Consumer Products Software Technical Hardware, Telecom, and Semiconductors Approach Team News Experience Verticals Operating Executives Contact Us   Golden Gate Capital is a privately held enterprise with over $15 billion in committed capital.
Platform Experience Approach   News     Contact Us     Privacy/Legal Golden Gate Capital   /   One Embarcadero Center, 39th Floor   /   San Francisco, CA 94111   /   415.983.2700
/   *protected email* © 2017 Copyright Golden Gate Capital.
Visit the Golden Gate mobile-friendly Web site.
Fares, Schedules & Maps   | Trip Planner Bus Schedules Ferry Schedules Fares Bridge Tolls & Information Maps Transit Route Locator FasTrak Customer Alerts    | Sign up for Email Alerts Current Transit Service Alerts GGB Construction & Bike Detour Alerts   Press Room   Golden Gate District   District About Us Board of Directors News & Events Permits Bus & Ferry Rider Info Contact Us Bridge Ferry Transit  GO PLACES WITH US    Go Mobile!
Search Golden Gate Translations English     中文     Français     Deutsch     Italiano     日本語     한국어     Português     Español     Việt Nam Historia del Diseño y la Construcción del Puente El estrecho de Golden Gate es una brecha de una cadena montañosa que era atravesada por un antiguo río que pasaba por lo que era un valle seco hasta hace 10,000 años.
Actualmente, el 60% de la lluvia y la nieve que cae en el Estado de California desemboca al Golden Gate.
El estrecho de Golden Gate origina las mareas fuertes, los vientos frecuentes, la niebla y el aire salado, todo lo cual representaba un desafío para construir un puente sobre él.
A pesar de la oposición política, la escasez de fondos ocasionada por la Gran Depresión que comenzó en 1929, y los inmensos desafíos físicos que representaba construir un puente de una milla sobre el agua, los habitantes de seis condados del norte de California votaron a favor de financiar el puente Golden Gate.
Un Monumento Duradero ﻿ Recorra las exhibiciones aquí: Área de exhibición 1 - Área de la plaza Letrero de Bienvenida (directorio principal) Cómo se Extiende el Puente a lo Largo del Golden Gate Estética del Puente - Art Deco a Gran Escala Altas y Fuertes: Las Torres del Puente Niebla, Acero, Sal, Óxido, Pintura Área de exhibición 2 - Cerca del asta de bandera Cómo Vibra el Puente Sirenas para Niebla Área de exhibición 3 - Lado oeste del puente cerca del paso inferior Preservación Histórica: Reacondicionamiento de las Armaduras Apuntaladas Preservación Histórica: Reacondicionamiento de los Aisladores Sísmicos Área de exhibición 4 - Dentro del área de artillería Historia: Diseño y Construcción del Puente Relación del Tamaño del Cable de Suspensión con la Altura de la Torre Artillería Lancaster: En Defensa del Golden Gate Área de exhibición 5 - A lo largo de la ciclovía hasta el estacionamiento inferior La Aerodinámica del Tablero del Puente Reacondicionamiento de la Resistencia a la Torsión del Tablero del Puente Velocidad del Viento y Presión del Viento Área de exhibición 6 - Cerca del pabellón LIFETILES: Animación de la Construcción del Puente Modelo Táctil/Braille del Puente English     中文     Français     Deutsch     Italiano     日本語     한국어     Português     Español     Việt Nam     Top of Page This site is presented and managed by: GOLDEN GATE BRIDGE HIGHWAY & TRANSPORTATION DISTRICT Board of Directors | Contract Opportunities | Job Opportunities | Site Map | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | About the Website   © Copyright 2006-2017 Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District.
Found The World Historical Places Beaches Islands Deserts Parks Land Marks Hotels & Resorts Golden Gate Bridge San Francisco, USA The Golden Grade Bridge is one of the longest suspension bridges which connect Marin County of San Francisco to the Northern point of the San Francisco Peninsula.
The American Society of Civil Engineers has declared Golden gate as one of the Wonders of the Modern World.
How to Reach at Golden Gate Bridge: Walking or bicycling the Golden Gate Bridge is considered to be a main tourist attraction for people visiting San Francisco.
San Francisco Muni and Golden Gate Transit transportation agencies offer bus services across the Golden Gate Bridge.
While Golden Gate Transit runs a number of buses on various bus lines throughout the week, San Francisco Muni offers bus services on the 76X Marin Headlands Express during the weekends.
There is a Visitor Center and a Gift Shop on the San Francisco side of the Golden Gate Bridge, which is also known as “Bridge Pavilion”.
RELATED:   How to Make Your Visit to San Francisco a Treat Attractive Parking Area of Golden Gate Bridge: The Southeast Side visitors’ parking lot is picturesque with a lot of garden area, gift center, and a cafe along with many scenic areas.
One can visit the Southeast Side parking lot while traveling from Marlin County through US Highway 101 across the Golden Gate.
TAGS Golden Gate Bridge San Francisco SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous article Barcelona Spain Fourth Most Visited City In Europe Next article Planning To Visit India, Golden Temple Jammie Broke Jamie Brooke is a professional writer since 2008, working on several print newspaper publications in California.
Español Português € (EUR) $ (USD) £ (GBP) Mis reservas Guía turística Excursiones y visitas guiadas Traslados aeropuerto Hoteles en oferta Vuelos Coches San Francisco > Qué ver en San Francisco > Golden Gate Tours en español Tour de San Francisco 70$ Tour de SF + Alcatraz 129$ Muir Woods y Sausalito 94$ Crucero por la bahía 25$ Crucero puente a puente 33$ Ver todas las actividades Traslados aeropuerto Vehículo de 4 plazas - 130$ Vehículo de 6 plazas - 230$ Reserva online en 2 minutos Hoteles en oferta Fecha de llegada 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Ene 2017 Feb 2017 Mar 2017 Abr 2017 May 2017 Jun 2017 Jul 2017 Ago 2017 Sep 2017 Oct 2017 Nov 2017 Fecha de salida 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Feb 2017 Mar 2017 Abr 2017 May 2017 Jun 2017 Jul 2017 Ago 2017 Sep 2017 Oct 2017 Nov 2017 Dic 2017 o ver todos los hoteles baratos Vuelos baratos Madrid - San Francisco Barcelona - San Francisco Valencia - San Francisco Sevilla - San Francisco Bilbao - San Francisco Vuelos desde otras ciudades Golden Gate Con 2,7 kilómetros de longitud y 227 metros de altura , el Golden Gate es uno de los puentes colgantes más largos y altos del mundo y, sobre todo, es el símbolo más querido y representativo de la ciudad de San Francisco.
Golden Gate San Francisco y su símbolo, el Golden Gate Antes de la construcción del puente, la única forma de cruzar la bahía de San Francisco era el ferry , de forma que, en el siglo XX, la bahía estaba obstruida por la gran cantidad de ferries que circulaban.
Después de años de dificultades en su construcción, el Puente Golden Gate fue inaugurado en el año en 1937 .
El Puente Golden Gate puede verse desde decenas de lugares, pero el mejor de ellos es el Mirador H. Dana Bowers (también llamado "Vista Point"), que además de las vistas privilegiadas del puente, de la ciudad de San Francisco y la bahía, cuenta con algunos otros atractivos: Blue Star Memorial Highway : un tributo a las fuerzas armadas de los Estados Unidos.
Para llegar hasta el Mirador H. Dana Bowers sólo tenéis que cruzar el Golden Gate en dirección norte.
Sólo por curiosidad Para hacerse una idea de la resistencia del puente, el Golden Gate tiene tal cantidad de alambres formando sus cables que podrían dar la vuelta a la tierra 3 veces .
Otra curiosidad algo más desafortunada es que el Puente Golden Gate es el lugar del mundo con mayor índice de suicidios .
Mapa Lugares próximos Legion of Honor (4.3 km) Sausalito (4.5 km) Alcatraz (5 km) Fillmore Street (5.1 km) Museo de Young (5.3 km) Hoteles cercanos Travelodge at the Presidio (a 3.6 km ) Country Hearth Inn (a 3.62 km ) Geary Parkway Motel (a 4.25 km ) Economy Inn - San Francisco (a 3.64 km ) Guía Inicio Información general Historia Cómo llegar Dónde dormir Transporte Barrios y zonas Qué ver Golden Gate Alcatraz Misión Dolores Lombard Street Twin Peaks City Hall Grace Cathedral Golden Gate Park Acuario de la Bahía USS Pampanito SS Jeremiah O`Brien Museos Dónde comer Compras Visitas cercanas Cómo ahorrar Mapa interactivo Fotos Foro de San Francisco Servicios Excursiones y visitas guiadas en español Hoteles en oferta Apartamentos Vuelos baratos Traslados aeropuerto Fotos de San Francisco Visita las Guías de Viajes de Civitatis ( Nueva York - Las Vegas - Miami ) | Ayuda | Privacidad | Aviso legal | Cookies | Empleo
