Joko Widodo De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Joko Widodo Presidente de la República de Indonesia Actualmente en el cargo Desde el 20 de octubre de 2014 Vicepresidente Jusuf Kalla Predecesor Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono Información personal Nacimiento 21 de junio de 1961 (55 años) Surakarta , Indonesia Nacionalidad Indonesia Religión Islam Partido político Partido Democrático de Indonesia Familia Cónyuge Iriana Widodo Educación Alma máter Gadjah Mada University Información profesional Ocupación Político , ingeniero Firma Web Sitio web jokowi.co.id y presidenri.go.id
Twitter jokowi_do2 [ editar datos en Wikidata ] Joko Widodo ( Surakarta , Indonesia , 21 de junio de 1961) es un político indonesio.
Tras haber ganado con un 53,15 % de los votos las elecciones presidenciales , es el presidente de Indonesia desde el 20 de octubre de 2014, sucediendo a Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono .
Índice 1 Trayectoria 2 Referencias 3 Véase también 4 Enlaces externos Trayectoria [ editar ] Joko Widodo, alias Jokowi, fue nominado por su partido, el Partido Democrático de Indonesia (PDI-P), para ejecutar en las elecciones para gobernador de Jakarta de 2012 con Basuki Tjahaja Purnama como su compañero de fórmula [ 1 ] Jokowi fue elegido gobernador de Yakarta el 20 de septiembre 2012, después de una segunda elección de desempate ronda en la que derrotó al actual gobernador Fauzi Bowo .
La victoria de Jokowi fue ampliamente vista como el apoyo de los votantes populares hacia los nuevos líderes con respecto al estilo antiguo de la política en Indonesia.
La popularidad de Jokowi en toda Indonesia aumentó considerablemente después de su elección a la posición de alto perfil del gobernador de Yakarta .
Durante 2013 y principios de 2014 fue visto cada vez más como un potencial candidato para la elección presidencial de Indonesia.
Falta la |url= ( ayuda ) Véase también [ editar ] Historia de Indonesia Enlaces externos [ editar ] Wikimedia Commons alberga contenido multimedia sobre Joko Widodo .
Commons Biografía de Joko Widodo por CIDOB (en español) Predecesor: Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono Presidente de Indonesia 2014 Sucesor: - Control de autoridades WorldCat VIAF : 250779999 LCCN : n2011203788 GND : 1069359149 Sitio web : url Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Joko_Widodo&oldid=95295952 » Categorías : Hombres Nacidos en 1961 Ingenieros de Indonesia Empresarios de Indonesia Políticos de Indonesia Gobernadores de Yakarta Presidentes de Indonesia Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Páginas con referencias web sin URL Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en indonesio Wikipedia:Artículos con identificadores VIAF Wikipedia:Artículos con identificadores LCCN Wikipedia:Artículos con identificadores GND Wikipedia:Artículos con identificadores Web oficial Personas vivas Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas العربية Asturianu Bikol Central Беларуская Bahasa Banjar বাংলা Brezhoneg Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Esperanto Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Français Frysk Galego עברית Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Ido Italiano 日本語 Basa Jawa ქართული 한국어 Latina Lëtzebuergesch Basa Banyumasan Malagasy Baso Minangkabau മലയാളം मराठी Bahasa Melayu Nederlands Norsk bokmål Occitan Polski Português Runa Simi Română Русский Scots Simple English Basa Sunda Svenska தமிழ் Tetun ไทย Tagalog Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt Winaray 中文 Bân-lâm-gú 粵語 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 29 nov 2016 a las 01:16.
Find out more about cookies GOV.UK Search Search Home Passports, travel and living abroad Travel abroad Foreign travel advice Foreign travel advice Indonesia Summary Current travel advice Safety and security Terrorism Local laws and customs Entry requirements Natural disasters Health Contact FCO Travel Advice Team Subscriptions Get updates email feed Summary Still current at: 31 January 2017 Updated: 25 January 2017 Latest update: Safety and security section - in some cases over drinking or taking drugs has resulted in accidents, injuries, robbery, assaults and lost travel documents; some British nationals have also suffered psychiatric problems caused by alcohol, drugs and a lack of sleep; Entry requirements section – updated information and advice for journalists Download map (PDF) Around 280,000 British nationals visit Indonesia every year.
The threat from Islamist extremism remains high, though the Indonesian authorities continue to disrupt attack planning, including arresting alleged terrorists reportedly in the advanced stages of preparation.
See Local travel UK health authorities have classified Indonesia as having a risk of Zika virus transmission.
For more information and advice visit the National Travel Health Network and Centre website for travel to Indonesia - including Bali , for travel to Indonesia - Borneo .
Possession, trafficking and manufacture of drugs are serious offences in Indonesia.
See Local laws and customs Indonesia sits along a volatile seismic strip called the ‘Ring of Fire’.
See Natural disasters With the exception of Garuda Airlines, Mandala Airlines, Airfast and Ekspres Transportasi Antarbenua (operating as PremiAir), Indonesia Air Asia, Batik Air, Citilink and Lion Air, all other Indonesian passenger airlines are refused permission to operate services to the EU because of safety concerns.
See Air travel There have been a number of deaths and cases of serious illness of tourists in Indonesia, caused by drinking alcoholic drinks contaminated with methanol.
Skip to Content Search Indonesia and beyond Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Close Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Asia Indonesia is a journey of flavours is being at one with nature is a land of fire Cities Close cities in Indonesia Ubud Indonesia Jakarta Indonesia Kuta & Legian Indonesia Ubud Jakarta Kuta & Legian Seminyak Denpasar Yogyakarta Sanur Kuta Bandung Gili Trawangan More places in Indonesia Map Survival guide Articles Interests Books Adventures Community Why I love Indonesia “ I was driving across beautiful Flores and rounding a corner somewhere east of the steamy port town of Ende, when the most brilliant view of a volcano filled my windscreen.
And so it goes in Indonesia – where the natural beauty is as diverse as the people who live... ” Read More Ryan Ver Berkmoes Writer Top experiences in Indonesia Sights in Indonesia See all sights Launch map view © Mapbox © OpenStreetMap Improve this map Survival guide Visas Dull but essential passport paperwork and entry info Best time to go Hit the ground at the right time Money and costs Budgets, currency rates and on-the-ground costs Health Keep safe and well on the open road See More Recent articles Ten great shakes: best bars in Jakarta for creative cocktails In Indonesia's teeming capital, a thirst for excellent cocktails can be easily quenched.
Sarah Baxter Lonely Planet Writer Read more articles Discover Indonesia by interest island hopping diving & snorkelling trekking beaches surfing Travel guides Starting at $13.99 Ready to go? Get to the heart of Indonesia with one of Lonely Planet's in-depth, award-winning guidebooks.
Go to store Indonesia adventures $4099 Small group tours Indonesia Encompassed Indonesia is a busy place, and not just because it’s one of the most densely-populated places on Earth.
Don’t worry, we’ll wait... $2399 Small group tours Bali, Flores & Komodo Explorer If you’re looking to get in three of the Indonesian islands on a trip that combines proven highlights with off-the-beaten-path gems, you’re in the right place.
$4099 Small group tours Indonesia Encompassed Indonesia is a busy place, and not just because it’s one of the most densely-populated places on Earth.
Don’t worry, we’ll wait... $3249 Small group tours Islands of Indonesia Got a hankering to see five Indonesian islands?
See More Adventures Indonesia photo credits Newsletter sign up Subscribe now and receive a 20% discount on your next guidebook purchase.
Email address Country Select country Australia United Kingdom United States Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Channel Islands, The Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles Netherlands New Caledonia New Guinea New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Ireland Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saba Saint Eustatius Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (France) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Sign up Destinations Africa Antarctica Asia Caribbean Islands Central America Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America Shop Destination guides eBooks Pictorial & gifts Phrasebooks Activity guides Special offers Forum Country forums Talk to Lonely Planet Interest forums Travel buddies & for sale Interests Adventure travel Beaches Budget travel Family travel Festivals and events Food and drink Honeymoons and romance Luxury travel Round the world travel Wildlife and nature Travel booking Hotels Flights Insurance About us Work for Us Contact us Press, trade and advertising Terms & conditions Privacy policy International English English (India) Deutsch Italiano 한국어 © 2017 Lonely Planet.
Destinations Belitung Medan Bintan Island Lake Toba Batam More Sumatra Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park Ujung Kulon National Park Jakarta Bandung Yogyakarta More Java Pontianak Banjarmasin Derawan Archipelago Balikpapan Singkawang More Kalimantan Wakatobi Tana Toraja Manado Makassar Palu More Sulawesi Labuan Bajo Ubud Flores Kuta Lombok More Bali & Nusa Tenggara Ambon Jayapura Ternate and Tidore Sorong Raja Ampat More Maluku & Papua Experience Experience Experience the Natural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Sensory Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Cultural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Modern Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Adventure Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Natural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Sensory Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Cultural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Modern Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Adventure Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Highlights Medan Coralpearls Bali Bandung Banyuwangi Bintan Jakarta Joglosemar Lombok Makassar View More What's Happening News Our Journey Events Info & Tips What's New Inspirations Travel Guidances General Information Travel Agents Visa and Immigration Visit Indonesia Tourism Office Facts About Indonesia Climate Culture Language History Flora and Fauna Map of the Islands Brand Guideline Brand Guidelines Brand & Design Wonderful Indonesia Straddling the equator, situated between the continents of Asia and Australia and between the Pacific and the Indian Oceans, Indonesia has many magnificent islands waiting to be explored.
Start Your Journey Here Straddling the equator, situated between the continents of Asia and Australia and between the Pacific and the Indian Oceans, Indonesia has many magnificent islands waiting to be explored.
Start Your Journey Here Experience 5 Wonders Experience 5 Wonders Experience the Natural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Sensory Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Cultural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Modern Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Adventure Wonders of Indonesia Wonders ×   One Way   Round Trip City From: this field is required City To: this field is required Departure Date: this field is required Return Date: this field is required Adult (>11 years): this field is required Child (2-11 years): this field is required Infant (<2 years): this field is required Cabin: Choose cabin type.. Economy Business First this field is required Promo Code (Optional): Book Flight Highlight Destinations Highlight Destinations More Info What's New What's New Hop On Purwakarta News | 30 Jan 2017 Cultural Fusion Highlights Chinese New Year Celebrations in Manado, North Sulawesi News | 23 Jan 2017 Stunning Tana Toraja Highlands More Accessible: 50,000 Tourists expected in 2017 News | 13 Jan 2017 Wonderful Indonesia Beach Festival 2017 held in Melbourne, Australia News | 10 Jan 2017 40 Indonesia Tourism Businesses participate in ATF Travex 2017 Singapore News | 30 Dec 2016 In 2017 Indonesia targets 15 million tourists, or a phenomenal 25 percent growth News | 19 Dec 2016 Bintan Now new Choice Destination for Chinese tourists Info & Tips | 15 Dec 2016 6 Magical Places in Indonesia to await the First Sunrise of 2017 News | 14 Dec 2016 Garuda Indonesia NOW Operates India –Jakarta flights Discover Indonesia Discover Indonesia Experience Indonesia - Get Inspirations - Map of the Islands 4793 8301 2808 2333 What's Happening What's Happening Dive Deep Info & Tips | 30 Jan 2017 Homey Homestays in Yogyakarta and Magelang, Central Java News | 30 Jan 2017 BALI: Crowned Best Honeymoon Destination 2016 Events | 19 Mar 2017 - 26 Mar 2017 BaliSpirit Festival 2017: Let’s Make the World a Better Place Info & Tips | 27 Jan 2017 Celebrate the Year of the Rooster: Gong Xi Fa Cai 2568!
This Month Events This Month Events Hop on Events | 16 Jan 2017 Bryan Adams: the Get Up Tour Concert 2017 in Jakarta Events | 22 Jan 2017 Banyu Pinaruh: Bali‘s Ritual of Cleansing one’s Inner and Outer Self Events | 27 Jan 2017 - 2 Feb 2017 The Hilarious Splashing War: Chinese New Year on Selatpanjang Login | Register Language - English   Select your Language العربية English Français 日本語 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文 Contact Us Copyright © 2016 Ministry of Tourism, Republic of Indonesia.
All Rights Reserved Ratings Provided by         Copyright © 2016 Ministry of Tourism, Republic of Indonesia.
All Rights Reserved Experience Experience the Natural Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Sensory Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Cultural Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Modern Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Adventure Wonders of Indonesia Travel Guidances General Information Travel Agents Visa and Immigration Visit Indonesia Tourism Office Facts About Indonesia Climate Culture Language History Flora and Fauna What's Happening News Our Journey Events Info & Tips Copyright © 2016 Ministry of Tourism Republic of Indonesia.
Experience Experience the Natural Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Sensory Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Cultural Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Modern Wonders of Indonesia Experience the Adventure Wonders of Indonesia Travel Guidances General Information Travel Agents Visa and Immigration Visit Indonesia Tourism Office Facts About Indonesia Climate Culture Language History Flora and Fauna What's Happening News Our Journey Events Info & Tips Ratings Provided by         Language - English   Select your Language العربية English Français 日本語 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文 Destinations Belitung Medan Bintan Island Lake Toba Batam More Sumatra Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park Ujung Kulon National Park Jakarta Bandung Yogyakarta More Java Pontianak Banjarmasin Derawan Archipelago Balikpapan Singkawang More Kalimantan Wakatobi Tana Toraja Manado Makassar Palu More Sulawesi Labuan Bajo Ubud Flores Kuta Lombok More Bali & Nusa Tenggara Ambon Jayapura Ternate and Tidore Sorong Raja Ampat More Maluku & Papua Experience Experience Experience the Natural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Sensory Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Cultural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Modern Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Adventure Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Natural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Sensory Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Cultural Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Modern Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Experience the Adventure Wonders of Indonesia Wonders Highlights Medan Coralpearls Bali Bandung Banyuwangi Bintan Jakarta Joglosemar Lombok Makassar View More What's Happening News Our Journey Events Info & Tips What's New Inspirations Travel Guidances General Information Travel Agents Visa and Immigration Visit Indonesia Tourism Office Facts About Indonesia Climate Culture Language History Flora and Fauna Map of the Islands Brand Guideline Brand Guidelines Brand & Design Login | Register Language - English   Select your Language العربية English Français 日本語 한국어 简体中文 繁體中文 Contact Us Copyright © 2016 Ministry of Tourism, Republic of Indonesia.
Home Tours Maps Video Forum General Info Fast Fact Useful Hint Tropical Health Do & Don'ts Say in Indonesia Special Object Orangutan Raja Ampat Bromo Komodo Island Booking Hotel Booking Flight Mobile Apps About Us Events English Indonesia Provinces : Aceh Bali Bangka Belitung Bengkulu Banten Central Java Central Kalimantan Central Sulawesi East Java East Kalimantan East Nusa Tenggara Gorontalo Jakarta Jambi Lampung Maluku North Kalimantan North Maluku North Sulawesi North Sumatra Papua Riau Riau Archipelago South East Sulawesi South Kalimantan South Sulawesi South Sumatra West Java West Kalimantan West Nusa Tenggara West Papua West Sulawesi West Sumatra Yogyakarta About Wonderful Indonesia Indonesia is the largest archipelago in the world, range from Sabang in Aceh to Merauke in Papua, which is made up of thousands of large and small islands, which are connected by the strait and sea.
According to data from the Ministry of Interior of the Republic Indonesia in 2010 was as much as 17,504 islands.
The total area of the Indonesian ocean broader than its land, Indonesia's land area of 1.91 million km2, while the area of oceans is 6.279 million km2.
With such widespread Indonesia kept many natural resources on land and under the sea is beautiful.
No wonder if Indonesia has many wonderful spots especially in the sector of the beach.
Due to the geographical position of Indonesia itself that is located in parts of the equator.
Among the many beaches, there are several beaches in Indonesia are categorized as the most beautiful beaches in the world.
Indonesia has very beautiful natural wealth.
Because of its natural beauty that Indonesia has become a tourist destination that is much coveted by both local and international travelers from around the world.
Panorama in Indonesia is certainly not inferior to other countries.
For it would not hurt if we went on holiday to enjoy a variety of natural beauty that exist in Indonesia and make it as a tourist destination.
Not only that, Indonesia is also rich in culture, various tribes living in Indonesia with harmony and peace, each tribe has its own characteristics that make cultural diversity in Indonesia, besides Indonesia also has a distinctive culinary in each territory.
Indonesia is the country that has extraordinary natural wealth.
Indonesia has hundreds of National Parks that must to visit.
Indeed, the wealth of natural attractions Indonesia countless.
To prove it, please visit Indonesia as recommended tourist destination by presenting the most complete natural wealth on earth.
Top 10 Must Visit Places in Indonesia : Bromo Mountain Bromo mountain, is the most popular destination in Indonesia that always been visited by both local or foreign.
Bawean Treasure Island Bawean Island is one of wonderful island in Indonesia, precisely in East Java province area.
This island has many tourists destinations which are not inferior to other tourist destinations in Indonesia.
There are many tour travel agents in Indonesia that will be happy to guide you to visit the Orangutan destination.
Mostly, the pictures and information here is about Orangutan tour in Borneo (Kalimantan) island, precisely located in Tanjung Putting National Park In Pangkalan Bun, Central Kalimantan - Indonesia.
Hotel Deals of the Day Hotel Deals of the Day Powered by : Interesting Links Find Us on : Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Find Us on : Indonesia Tourism Latest News : 42 Tourism Events will be Presented at South Sumatra on 2017 Tebingtinggi Île – Riau Merbau Île – Riau 
Idioma indonesio De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Indonesio Bahasa Indonesia Hablado en   Indonesia ,   Timor Oriental ,   Malasia (algunas zonas) Hablantes 200 millones Puesto 56º ( Ethnologue , 2013) Familia Austronesia   Malayo-Polinesio    Malayo-polinesio nuclear     Malayo-sumbawano      Maláyico       Malayo        Indonesio Escritura Latino Estatus oficial Oficial en   Indonesia Regulado por Pusat Bahasa Códigos ISO 639-1 id ISO 639-2 ind ISO 639-3 ind [ editar datos en Wikidata ] El indonesio ( bahasa Indonesia o «lengua de Indonesia») es el idioma oficial de la República de Indonesia .
[ 1 ] Es en realidad el idioma nativo de una parte minoritaria de la población indonesia, aunque es corriente como segunda lengua .
En agosto de 1973, Indonesia y Malasia acordaron formalmente que la composición ortográfica del Bahasa Persatuan o «malayo unificado» de Malasia y el Bahasa indonesia de Indonesia son válidos en ambos países.
[ 1 ] Según los acuerdos alcanzados entre Indonesia, Malasia y Brunéi , el estándar normativo del indonesio es el bahasa Riau , la lengua del Archipiélago de Riau , considerado el lugar de origen de la lengua.
De acuerdo con el Ethnologue , la lengua indonesia se originó a partir del malayo que se habla en las islas Riau , al noreste de Sumatra .
Distribución geográfica [ editar ] El indonesio se habla a lo largo de toda Indonesia, partes de Malasia y Timor Oriental , aunque es usado más frecuentemente en las áreas urbanas y menos en las zonas rurales de Indonesia.
Los cambios de ortografía en el idioma que se han producido desde la independencia de Indonesia incluyen: Fonema Ortografía obsoleta Ortografía actual /u/ oe u /tʃ/ tj c /dʒ/ dj j /j/ j y /ɲ/ nj ny /ʃ/ sj sy /x/ ch kh Introducido en 1901, el sistema van Ophuijsen, (llamado desde el asesor del sistema, Charles Adriaan van Ophuijsen) fue la primera estandarización de la ortografía romanizada.
Algunos de los viejos usos en la ortografía (que se derivaron de la ortografía holandesa) no sobrevivieron en los nombres propios; por ejemplo, el nombre de un ex presidente de Indonesia está todavía a veces escrito Suharto , y la ciudad central de Java de Yogyakarta se escribe a veces Yogyakarta Estatus oficial [ editar ] El indonesio es el idioma oficial de la república de Indonesia , y está regulado por la Badan Pengembangan dan Pembinaan Bahasa (Agencia para el Desarrollo del Idioma Indonesio).
Bahasa viene de la palabra sánscrita भाषा ( bhāṣā ) y esta palabra puede hacer referencia a idiomas formales hablados: Idioma indonesio o Bahasa Indonesia Idioma malayo o Bahasa Melayu / Bahasa Malaysia Idioma javanés o Bahasa Jawa (también Bahasa Jawi ) Idioma sondanés o Bahasa Sunda Idioma de Batavia o Bahasa Betawi También a idiomas de signos: Lengua de signos malaya o Bahasa Isyarat Malaysia y código gestual malayo o Bahasa Malaysia Kod Tangan Bahasa Pero también a dialectos informales: Lenguaje Rojak o Bahasa Rojak Argot indonesio, conocido como Bahasa gaul o Bahasa prokem Referencias [ editar ] ↑ a b Embajada de Indonesia en Madrid.
Vocabulario básico indonesio con locuciones Bahasa Indonesia Flash Thesaurus Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Idioma_indonesio&oldid=95981648 » Categoría : Idioma indonesio Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Acèh Afrikaans አማርኛ Aragonés العربية Azərbaycanca Bikol Central Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български भोजपुरी Bahasa Banjar বাংলা Brezhoneg Bosanski Català Нохчийн Cebuano Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Zazaki English Esperanto Eesti Euskara فارسی Suomi Võro Français Gaeilge Galego 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî עברית हिन्दी Fiji Hindi Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Interlingua Bahasa Indonesia Ilokano Ido Íslenska Italiano 日本語 Basa Jawa ქართული Kalaallisut ភាសាខ្មែរ 한국어 Коми Kernowek Latina Ligure Lietuvių Latviešu Basa Banyumasan Malagasy Олык марий Māori Baso Minangkabau Македонски മലയാളം मराठी Bahasa Melayu नेपाली Nederlands Norsk nynorsk Norsk bokmål Occitan ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Polski Piemontèis پنجابی Português Runa Simi Română Русский संस्कृतम् Саха тыла Scots Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Simple English Slovenčina Gagana Samoa Shqip Српски / srpski Basa Sunda Svenska Kiswahili Ślůnski தமிழ் Тоҷикӣ ไทย Türkmençe Tagalog Türkçe ئۇيغۇرچە / Uyghurche Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча Tiếng Việt Walon Winaray მარგალური Vahcuengh 中文 Bân-lâm-gú 粵語 IsiZulu Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 3 ene 2017 a las 05:12.
Indonesia From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search Coordinates : 5°S 120°E ﻿ / ﻿ 5°S 120°E ﻿ / -5; 120 Republic of Indonesia Republik Indonesia Flag Coat of Arms Motto:  Bhinneka Tunggal Ika ( Old Javanese ) "Unity in Diversity" National ideology : Pancasila [1] [2] Anthem:  Indonesia Raya ( Indonesian ) "Great Indonesia" Capital and largest city Jakarta 6°10.5′S
Official languages Indonesian Spoken languages Indonesian Slang 700 living local languages Religion 87.2% Islam 9.9% Christianity 1.7% Hinduism 0.7% Buddhism 0.2% Confucianism and others [3] Demonym Indonesian Government Unitary presidential constitutional republic •  President Joko Widodo •  Vice-President Jusuf Kalla Legislature People's Consultative Assembly •  Upper house Regional Representative Council •  Lower house People's Representative Council Formation •  Early Hindu and Buddhist kingdoms 2nd-century •  Islamic sultanates 12th-century •  Christian kingdom 16th-century •  Dutch East India Company 20 March 1602 •  Dutch East Indies 1 January 1800 •  Japanese occupation 9 March 1942 •  Independence declared from the Netherlands 17 August 1945 •  United States of Indonesia (USI) 27 December 1949 • USI dissolved 17 August 1950 Area •  Land 1,904,569 km 2 (735,358 sq mi) ( 14th ) •  Water (%) 4.85 Population • 2015 estimate 255,461,700 [4] • 2010 census 237,424,363 [5] ( 4th ) • Density 124.66/km 2 (322.9/sq
mi) ( 84th ) GDP   ( PPP ) 2016 estimate • Total $3.010 trillion [5] ( 8th ) • Per capita $11,633 [5] ( 102nd ) GDP   (nominal) 2016 estimate • Total $936.955 billion [5] ( 16th ) • Per capita $3,620 [5] ( 117th ) Gini   (2010) 35.6 [6] medium HDI   (2014)  0.684 [7] medium  ·  110th Currency Indonesian rupiah (Rp) ( IDR ) Time zone various ( UTC +7 to +9) • Summer ( DST ) various  ( UTC +7 to +9) Date format DD/MM/YYYY Drives on the left Calling code +62 ISO 3166 code ID Internet TLD .id
Website indonesia.go.id ^a The government officially recognises only six religions : Islam , Protestantism , Roman Catholicism , Hinduism , Buddhism , and Confucianism .
[8] Indonesia ( i / ˌ ɪ n d ə ˈ n iː ʒ ə / IN -də- NEE -zhə or / ˌ ɪ n d oʊ ˈ n iː z i ə / IN -doh- NEE -zee-ə ; Indonesian : [ɪndonesia] ), officially the Republic of Indonesia (Indonesian: Republik Indonesia [rɛpublik ɪndonesia] ), is a unitary sovereign state and transcontinental country located mainly in Southeast Asia with some territories in Oceania .
[9] At 1,904,569 square kilometres (735,358 square miles ), Indonesia is the world's 14th-largest country in terms of land area and world's 7th-largest country in terms of combined sea and land area.
Indonesia's republican form of government includes an elected legislature and president .
Indonesia has 34 provinces , of which five have Special Administrative status.
Despite its large population and densely populated regions, Indonesia has vast areas of wilderness that support the world's second highest level of biodiversity .
[14] Indonesia's major trading partners are Japan , United States , China and the surrounding countries of Singapore, Malaysia and Australia.
The Indonesian archipelago has been an important region for trade since at least the 7th century, when Srivijaya and then later Majapahit traded with China and India .
Indonesian history has been influenced by foreign powers drawn to its natural resources.
Following three and a half centuries of Dutch colonialism starting from Amboina and Batavia , and eventually all of the archipelago including Timor and West Papua , at times interrupted by Portuguese , French and British rule, Indonesia secured its independence after World War II .
Indonesia consists of hundreds of distinct native ethnic and linguistic groups .
Indonesia's national motto, " Bhinneka Tunggal Ika " ("Unity in Diversity" literally , "many, yet one"), articulates the diversity that shapes the country.
The Indonesian economy is the world's 16th largest by nominal GDP and the 8th largest by GDP at PPP , largest in Southeast Asia , and considered as Emerging markets and Newly industrialised country .
Indonesia has been a member of the United Nations since 1950.
[17] Indonesia was an organizer of the Bandung Conference [18] and was the founder of Non-Aligned Movement ; and also the founding member of Association of Southeast Asian Nations , Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation , East Asia Summit , and Organisation of Islamic Cooperation .
Indonesia is a member of the G20 major economies, OPEC , and World Trade Organization .
Contents 1 Etymology 2 History 2.1 Early history 2.2 Colonial era 2.3 Modern era 3 Geography 3.1 Climate 3.2 Geology 3.3 Biodiversity 3.4 Environment 4 Politics 4.1 Government 4.2 Parties and elections 4.3 Administrative divisions 4.4 Foreign relations 5 Military 6 Economy 6.1 Economic history 6.2 Exports 6.3 Imports 7 Infrastructure 7.1 Transportation 7.2 Energy and water supply 8 Demographics 8.1 Ethnic groups 8.2 Languages 8.3 Urban centres 8.4 Religion 8.5 Women 8.6 Problems 9 Education 10 Health 11 Science and technology 11.1 Aerospace 11.2 Infrastructure 11.3 Internet 12 Tourism 13 Culture 13.1 Art 13.2 Architecture 13.3 Crafts 13.4 Clothing 13.5 Music 13.6 Dance 13.7 Cuisine 13.8 Theatre 13.9 Sports 13.10 Cinema 13.11 Media 13.12 Literature 13.13 Public holidays 14 See also 15 References 16 Further reading 17 External links Etymology Further information: Names of Indonesia The name Indonesia derives from the Greek name of the Indós (Ἰνδός) and the word nèsos (νῆσος), meaning "Indian island".
[19] The name dates to the 18th century, far predating the formation of independent Indonesia.
[21] In the same publication, a student of Earl's, James Richardson Logan , used Indonesia as a synonym for Indian Archipelago .
[22] [23] However, Dutch academics writing in East Indies publications were reluctant to use Indonesia .
[24] After 1900, the name Indonesia became more common in academic circles outside the Netherlands, and Indonesian nationalist groups adopted it for political expression.
The first Indonesian scholar to use the name was Suwardi Suryaningrat (Ki Hajar Dewantara), when he established a press bureau in the Netherlands with the name Indonesisch Pers-bureau in 1913.
[20] History Main article: History of Indonesia Early history Austronesian peoples , migrated from Taiwan to Southeast Asia , form the majority of Indonesian population.
Fossils and the remains of tools show that the Indonesian archipelago was inhabited by Homo erectus , popularly known as " Java Man ", between 1.5 million years ago and 35,000 years ago.
They arrived in Indonesia around 2000 BCE, and as they spread through the archipelago, confined the indigenous Melanesian peoples to the far eastern regions.
Indonesia's strategic sea-lane position fostered inter-island and international trade, including links with Indian kingdoms and China, which were established several centuries BCE.
[31] Trade has since fundamentally shaped Indonesian history.
Indonesian outrigger boats may have made trade voyages to the east coast of Africa as early as the 1st century CE. [34] From the 7th century CE, the powerful Srivijaya naval kingdom flourished as a result of trade and the influences of Hinduism and Buddhism that were imported with it.
The Hindu Majapahit kingdom was founded in eastern Java in the late 13th century, and under Gajah Mada , its influence stretched over much of Indonesia.
Although Muslim traders first travelled through Southeast Asia early in the Islamic era, the earliest evidence of Islamised populations in Indonesia dates to the 13th century in northern Sumatra .
[39] Other Indonesian areas gradually adopted Islam, and it was the dominant religion in Java and Sumatra by the end of the 16th century.
For the most part, Islam overlaid and mixed with existing cultural and religious influences, which shaped the predominant form of Islam in Indonesia, particularly in Java.
[40] The first regular contact between Europeans and the peoples of Indonesia began in 1512, when Portuguese traders led by Francisco Serrão , sought to monopolise the sources of nutmeg , cloves , and cubeb pepper in Maluku.
[43] For most of the colonial period , Dutch control over the archipelago was tenuous outside of coastal strongholds; only in the early 20th century did Dutch dominance extend to what was to become Indonesia's current boundaries.
[44] Despite major internal political, social and sectarian divisions during the National Revolution , Indonesians, on the whole, found unity in their fight for independence.
Japanese occupation during World War II ended Dutch rule, [45] and encouraged the previously suppressed Indonesian independence movement.
[46] Modern era Sukarno , the founding father and first President of Indonesia .
A later UN report stated that four million people died in Indonesia as a result of famine and forced labour during the Japanese occupation.
[48] The Netherlands tried to reestablish their rule, and an armed and diplomatic struggle ended in December 1949, when in the face of international pressure, the Dutch formally recognised Indonesian independence [49] (with the exception of the Dutch territory of West New Guinea , which was incorporated into Indonesia following the 1962 New York Agreement , and the UN-mandated Act of Free Choice of 1969).
[50] Sukarno moved Indonesia from democracy towards authoritarianism, and maintained his power base by balancing the opposing forces of the military and the Communist Party of Indonesia ( Partai Komunis Indonesia , PKI).
His New Order administration [58] was supported by the US government, [59] [60] [61] and encouraged foreign direct investment in Indonesia, which was a major factor in the subsequent three decades of substantial economic growth.
[62] [63] [64] Indonesia was the country hardest hit by the late 1990s Asian financial crisis .
[66] In 1999, East Timor voted to secede from Indonesia, after a twenty-five-year military occupation that was marked by international condemnation of repression of the East Timorese.
[69] Geography Main article: Geography of Indonesia Puncak Jaya in Papua, the highest summit in Indonesia and Oceania .
Indonesia lies between latitudes 11°S and 6°N , and longitudes 95°E and 141°E .
[70] According to a geospatial survey conducted between 2007 and 2010 by National Coordinating Agency for Survey and Mapping (Bakosurtanal), Indonesia has 13,466 islands, [71] about 6,000 of which are inhabited.
Indonesia shares land borders with Malaysia on Borneo, Papua New Guinea on the island of New Guinea, and East Timor on the island of Timor .
Indonesia shares maritime borders across narrow straits with Singapore , Malaysia , Vietnam , the Philippines , and Palau to the north, and with Australia to the south.
[72] Indonesia average population density is 134 people per square kilometre (347 per sq mi), 79th in the world, [73] although Java, the world's most populous island, [74] has a population density of 940 people per square kilometre (2,435 per sq mi).
Indonesia contains the most volcanoes in the world.
[75] At 4,884 metres (16,024 ft), Puncak Jaya in Papua is Indonesia's highest peak, and Lake Toba in Sumatra its largest lake, with an area of 1,145 km2 (442 sq mi).
Indonesia's largest rivers are in Kalimantan, and include the Mahakam and Barito ; such rivers are communication and transport links between the island's river settlements.
[76] Indonesia's location on the edges of the Pacific , Eurasian , and Australian tectonic plates makes it the site of numerous volcanoes and frequent earthquakes.
Indonesia has at least 150 active volcanoes, [77] including Krakatoa and Tambora , both famous for their devastating eruptions in the 19th century.
[79] Climate Main article: Climate of Indonesia Typical Indonesian rainforest, mostly found in Kalimantan and Sumatra .
Lying along the equator , Indonesia's climate tends to be relatively even year-round.
[80] Indonesia has two seasons—a wet season and a dry season —with no extremes of summer or winter.
[81] For most of Indonesia, the dry season falls between April and October with the wet season between November and March.
[81] Indonesia's climate is almost entirely tropical , dominated by the Tropical rainforest climate found in every major island of Indonesia, followed by the Tropical monsoon climate that predominantly lies along Java's coastal north, Sulawesi's coastal south and east, and Bali , and finally the tropical Savanna climate , found in isolated locations of Central Java , lowland East Java , coastal southern Papua and smaller islands to the east of Lombok .
However, cooler climate types do exist in mountainous regions of Indonesia 1,300 to 1,500 metres (4,300 to 4,900 feet ) above sea level .
Rainfall in Indonesia is plentiful, particularly in West Sumatra , West Kalimantan , West Java , and Papua .
The almost uniformly warm waters that make up 81% of Indonesia's area ensure that temperatures on land remain fairly constant.
Typhoons and large scale storms pose little hazard to mariners in Indonesia waters; the major danger comes from swift currents in channels, such as the Lombok and Sape straits.
Geology Main article: Geology of Indonesia See also: Volcanoes of Indonesia Major volcanoes in Indonesia.
Indonesia is in the Pacific Ring of Fire area.
Tectonically , Indonesia is highly unstable.
The two most violent volcanic eruptions in modern times occurred in Indonesia; in 1815 Mount Tambora in Sumbawa erupted killing 92,000 people.
[88] Biodiversity Main articles: Fauna of Indonesia and Flora of Indonesia Species endemic to Indonesia.
Indonesia's size, tropical climate, and archipelagic geography, support the world's second highest level of biodiversity after Brazil .
[93] Indonesia is second only to Australia in terms of total endemic species, with 36% of its 1,531 species of bird and 39% of its 515 species of mammal being endemic.
[94] Indonesia's 80,000 kilometres (50,000 miles) of coastline are surrounded by tropical seas that contribute to the country's high level of biodiversity.
Indonesia has a range of sea and coastal ecosystems , including beaches , sand dunes , estuaries , mangroves , coral reefs , seagrass beds, coastal mudflats , tidal flats, algal beds, and small island ecosystems.
[19] Indonesia is one of Coral Triangle countries with the world's greatest diversity of coral reef fish with more than 1,650 species in eastern Indonesia only.
[95] The British naturalist Alfred Russel Wallace described a dividing line between the distribution of Indonesia's Asian and Australasian species.
[96] Environment Main article: Environment of Indonesia Indonesia's high population and rapid industrialisation present serious environmental issues , which are often given a lower priority due to high poverty levels and weak, under-resourced governance.
[98] Issues include large-scale deforestation (much of it illegal ) and related wildfires causing heavy smog over parts of western Indonesia, Malaysia and Singapore; over-exploitation of marine resources; and environmental problems associated with rapid urbanisation and economic development , including air pollution, traffic congestion , garbage management, and reliable water and waste water services.
[98] Deforestation and the destruction of peatlands make Indonesia the world's third largest emitter of greenhouse gases.
[102] Much of Indonesia's deforestation is caused by forest clearing for the palm oil industry, which has cleared 18 million hectares of forest for palm oil expansion.
[103] Indonesia has a below average but slightly improving performance in the global Environmental Performance Index (EPI) with an overall ranking of 107 out of 180 countries in 2016.
[104] Politics Main article: Politics of Indonesia Government Main article: Government of Indonesia An inauguration of the Indonesian President by the People's Consultative Assembly in the Parliament Complex Jakarta, 2014.
Indonesia is a republic with a presidential system.
Following the resignation of President Suharto in 1998, Indonesian political and governmental structures have undergone major reforms.
Four amendments to the 1945 Constitution of Indonesia [105] have revamped the executive , judicial , and legislative branches.
[106] The president of Indonesia is the head of state and head of government , commander-in-chief of Tentara Nasional Indonesia ( Indonesian National Armed Forces ), and the director of domestic governance, policy-making, and foreign affairs.
[113] Parties and elections Main articles: List of political parties in Indonesia and Elections in Indonesia Since 1999 Indonesia has had a multi-party system.
The Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle ( Partai Demokrasi Indonesia Perjuangan ) is the party of Joko Widodo , the Indonesian President.
[114] The Great Indonesia Movement Party ( Partai Gerakan Indonesia Raya ) is the third largest political party.
Indonesia's first general election elected members of the People's Representative Council ( Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat , DPR) and the Constitutional Assembly of Indonesia ( Konstituante ) was in 1955.
At a national level, Indonesian people did not elect a head of state  – the president – until 2004.
[116] Starting from the 2015 unified local elections , Indonesia start to elect governors and mayors simultaneously on the same date.
Administrative divisions Main articles: Provinces of Indonesia and Subdivisions of Indonesia Administratively, Indonesia consists of 34 provinces, five of which have special status.
The village is the lowest level of government administration in Indonesia.
[117] Yogyakarta was granted the status of Special Region in recognition of its pivotal role in supporting Indonesian Republicans during the Indonesian Revolution and its willingness to join Indonesia as a republic.
Aceh North Sumatra West Sumatra Riau Riau Islands Bangka– Belitung Jambi South Sumatra Bengkulu Lampung Banten Jakarta West Java Central Java Yogyakarta East Java Bali West Nusa Tenggara East Nusa Tenggara West Kalimantan Central Kalimantan North Kalimantan East Kalimantan South Kalimantan North Sulawesi North Maluku Central Sulawesi Gorontalo West Sulawesi South Sulawesi Southeast Sulawesi Maluku West Papua Papua Indonesian provinces and their capitals, listed by region Indonesian name is in parentheses if different from English.
* indicates provinces with special status Sumatra Island ( Pulau Sumatera ) Aceh ( Nanggroe Aceh Darussalam ) *  – Banda Aceh North Sumatra ( Sumatera Utara ) – Medan West Sumatra ( Sumatera Barat ) – Padang Riau  – Pekanbaru Riau Islands ( Kepulauan Riau ) – Tanjung Pinang Jambi  – Jambi City South Sumatra ( Sumatera Selatan ) – Palembang Bangka-Belitung Islands ( Kepulauan Bangka-Belitung ) – Pangkal Pinang Bengkulu  – Bengkulu City Lampung  – Bandar Lampung Java Island ( Pulau Jawa ) Special Capital Region of Jakarta * ( Daerah Khusus Ibu Kota Jakarta )  – Jakarta Banten  – Serang West Java ( Jawa Barat ) – Bandung Central Java ( Jawa Tengah ) – Semarang Yogyakarta Special Region * ( Daerah Istimewa Yogyakarta ) – Yogyakarta (city) East Java ( Jawa Timur ) – Surabaya Lesser Sunda Islands ( Kepulauan Nusa Tenggara ) Bali  – Denpasar West Nusa Tenggara ( Nusa Tenggara Barat ) – Mataram East Nusa Tenggara ( Nusa Tenggara Timur ) – Kupang Kalimantan Island ( Pulau Kalimantan ) West Kalimantan ( Kalimantan Barat ) – Pontianak Central Kalimantan ( Kalimantan Tengah ) – Palangkaraya South Kalimantan ( Kalimantan Selatan ) – Banjarmasin East Kalimantan ( Kalimantan Timur ) – Samarinda North Kalimantan ( Kalimantan Utara ) – Tanjung Selor Sulawesi Island ( Pulau Sulawesi ) North Sulawesi ( Sulawesi Utara ) – Manado Gorontalo  – Gorontalo City Central Sulawesi ( Sulawesi Tengah ) – Palu West Sulawesi ( Sulawesi Barat ) – Mamuju South Sulawesi ( Sulawesi Selatan ) – Makassar Southeast Sulawesi ( Sulawesi Tenggara ) – Kendari Maluku Islands ( Kepulauan Maluku ) Maluku  – Ambon North Maluku ( Maluku Utara ) – Sofifi New Guinea Island ( Pulau Papua ) West Papua * ( Papua Barat ) – Manokwari Papua *  – Jayapura Foreign relations Main article: Foreign relations of Indonesia Former President of Indonesia Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono with US President Barack Obama , in ceremony at the Merdeka Palace in 2010.
Since independence, Indonesian foreign relations have adhered to a "free and active" foreign policy, seeking to play a role in regional affairs commensurate with its size and location but avoiding involvement in conflicts among other countries.
[121] In contrast to Sukarno's anti- imperialistic antipathy to Western powers and tensions with Malaysia , Indonesia's foreign relations since the New Order era have been based on economic and political co-operation with the Western world.
[122] Indonesia maintains close relationships with its neighbours in Asia, and is a founding member of ASEAN and the East Asia Summit .
[113] Indonesia also developed a good relationship with the Soviet Union in the period of 1961–1965.
[123] Indonesia has been a member of the United Nations since 1950, [17] and was a founder of the Non-Aligned Movement (NAM) and the Organisation of the Islamic Conference (OIC).
[110] Indonesia is signatory to the ASEAN Free Trade Area agreement, the Cairns Group , and the World Trade Organization (WTO), and an occasional member of OPEC .
Indonesia has received humanitarian and development aid since 1966, in particular from the United States, western Europe, Australia, and Japan.
[110] The Indonesian government has worked with other countries to apprehend and prosecute perpetrators of major bombings linked to militant Islamism and Al-Qaeda .
[125] The attacks, and subsequent travel warnings issued by other countries, severely damaged Indonesia's tourism industry and foreign investment prospects.
[126] Military Main articles: Indonesian National Armed Forces and Military history of Indonesia Indonesian Armed Forces.
Clockwise from top: Indonesian Army during training session, Sukhoi Su-30 , Leopard 2 tank, and Indonesian Naval vessels.
Indonesia's Armed Forces (TNI) include the Army (TNI–AD), Navy (TNI–AL, which includes Marine Corps ), and Air Force (TNI–AU).
[127] As of 2016 [update] , Indonesian military was considered as number one of the Most Strength and Powerful Military in Southeast Asia and ranked 14th in the world.
[130] The Indonesian Armed Forces was formed during the Indonesian National Revolution , when it undertook a guerrilla war along with informal militia .
[131] From the 1950s to 1960s the Republic of Indonesia struggled to maintain its unity against local insurgencies and separatist movements in some of its provinces.
[133] [134] Following a sporadic thirty-year guerrilla war between the Gerakan Aceh Merdeka (GAM) and the Indonesian military, a ceasefire agreement was reached in 2005.
[135] From 1961 to 1963, the TNI was involved in the military campaign to incorporate Western New Guinea into Indonesia, which pitted the TNI against Netherlands New Guinea .
From 1962 to 1965 TNI fought in the Indonesia-Malaysia Confrontation .
The Indonesian killings of 1965–1966 directly involved the armed forces under Suharto fighting against the Communist Party of Indonesia .
[137] Economy Main article: Economy of Indonesia Jakarta , the capital city and the nation's commercial centre.
Indonesia has a mixed economy in which both the private sector and government play significant roles.
[139] Indonesia's estimated gross domestic product (nominal) , as of 2016 [update] , is US$936.955 billion while GDP in PPP terms is US$$3.010
[145] [146] Economic history Main article: Economic history of Indonesia Over time, the structure of the Indonesian economy has changed considerably.
Indonesia saw consistent growth, with the official poverty rate falling from 60% to 15%.
[148] From the mid 1980s, trade barriers were reduced and the Indonesian economy became more globally integrated.
The Asian financial crisis that began to affect Indonesia in mid-1997 became an economic and political crisis.
Indonesia's initial response was to float the rupiah , raise key domestic interest rates, and tighten fiscal policy.
Indonesia's recent strong economic growth has also been accompanied by relatively steady inflation.
[150] Since an inflation target was introduced in Indonesia in 2000, the GDP deflator and the CPI have grown at an average annual pace of 10¾ per cent and 9 per cent, respectively, similar to the pace recorded in the two decades prior to the Asian crisis, but well below the pace in the 1960s and 1970s.
[150] Since 2007, however, with the improvement in banking sector and domestic consumption, national economic growth has accelerated to over 6% annually [152] [153] [154] and this helped Indonesia weather the 2008–2009 Great Recession .
[155] The Indonesian economy performed strongly during the financial crisis of 2007–08 and in 2012, its GDP grew by over 6%.
[156] Indonesia regained its investment grade rating in late 2011 after losing it in 1997.
[158] Exports A proportional representation of Indonesia's exports.
Indonesia was the 25th biggest exporting country in the world in 2014, moving up fifth places from the previous five years.
[159] In the 2009–2014 period, the exports of Indonesia have increased at an annualised rate of 7.3%, from US$138 billion in 2009 to US$197 billion in 2014.
Indonesia's main export markets (2014) are Japan (12.64%),
The major suppliers of imports to Indonesia are China (18.26%),
In 2014, Indonesia ran a trade surplus with export revenues of US$197 billion and import expenditure of US$178 billion.
[159] Indonesia has extensive natural resources, including crude oil, natural gas, tin, copper, and gold.
Indonesia's major imports include machinery and equipment, chemicals, fuels, and foodstuffs, and the country's major export commodities include oil and gas, electrical appliances, plywood, rubber, and textiles.
[9] In an attempt to boost the domestic mineral processing industry and encourage exports of higher value-added mineral products, the Indonesian government implemented a ban on exports of unprocessed mineral ores in 2014.
[160] Vast palm oil plantation in Indonesia.
Currently, Indonesia is the world's largest producer of palm oil.
Palm oil production is important to the economy of Indonesia as the country is the world's biggest producer and consumer of the commodity, providing about half the world supply.
Indonesia plans by 2015 to add 4 million additional hectares towards oil palm biofuel production.
[162] As of 2012 [update] , Indonesia produces 35 percent of the world's certified sustainable palm oil (CSPO).
[164] Singapore, Malaysia, Australia, China and Japan are the top five source of visitors to Indonesia.
Indonesia has a sizeable automotive industry , which produced almost 1.3 million motor vehicles in 2014, ranking as the 15th largest producer in the world .
[165] Nowadays, Indonesian automotive companies are able to produce cars with high ratio of local content (80% – 90%).
[166] With production peaking at 14.5 billion packs in 2011, Indonesia is the second largest producer of instant noodle after China which produces 42.5 billion packs a year.
Indomie brand by Indofood is one of the Indonesia's best known global brand.
[168] Of the world's 500 largest companies measured by revenue in 2014, the Fortune Global 500 , two are headquartered in Indonesia i.e.
[169] Imports In 2014 Indonesia imported $178B, making it the 27th largest importer in the world.
[159] During the last five years the imports of Indonesia have increased at an annualised rate of 12.5%, from $98.7B in 2009 to $178B in 2014.
The most recent imports are led by Refined Petroleum which represent 14.6% of the total imports of Indonesia, followed by Crude Petroleum, which account for 6.78%.
The top import origins of Indonesia are China, Singapore, Japan, South Korea and Malaysia.
Infrastructure See also: List of main infrastructure projects in Indonesia Transportation Main article: Transport in Indonesia Traditional wooden pinisi ship used in inter-Indonesian islands freight service.
Cycle rickshaws , called becak in Indonesia, are a regular sight on city roads and provide inexpensive transportation.
[174] The government's plan to build a High-Speed Rail was announced by Indonesian Government in July 2015.
[175] Indonesia's and Southeast Asia's first high-speed rail project was expected to connect the national capital Jakarta with Bandung in neighbouring West Java province, covering a distance of around 140 kilometres (87 miles).
Plans were mentioned for a possible extension of the HSR to Indonesia's second largest city, Surabaya in East Java ; construction will begin in early 2017.
Because Indonesia encompasses a sprawling archipelago , maritime shipping provides essential links between parts of the country.
Traditional wooden vessel pinisi are widely used as the inter-island freight service in Indonesian archipelago.
Port of Tanjung Priok is Indonesia's busiest port, and the 21st busiest port in the world in 2013 , handling over 6.59 million TEUs.
[179] Garuda Indonesia was ranked one as World's Best Cabin Crew and World's Top Ten Best Airlines in 2016.
There are international ferry services between across the Strait of Malacca between Sumatra and Malaysia , and between Singapore and nearby Indonesian islands, such as Batam .
As of 2014 [update] , there were 237 airports in Indonesia, [183] including 17 international airports.
[187] Garuda Indonesia , flag carrier of Indonesia since 1949, was selected by Skytrax as "The World's Best Economy Class" in 2013.
In December 2014, Garuda Indonesia was awarded as a "5-Star Airline" by Skytrax and the eight best airlines in the world.
[180] Energy and water supply Main article: Energy in Indonesia According to IEA Indonesia was the 10th top natural gas producer in 2009: 76 billion cubics (bcm) 2.5% of world production of which 36 bcm was exported.
[191] In 2009 Indonesia was the 5th top coal producer: 263 million tonnes hard coal and 38 million tonnes brown.
[192] Indonesia has significant energy resources, starting with oil – it has 22 billion barrels of conventional oil and gas reserves, of which about 4 billion are recoverable.
Indonesia's domestic oil consumption has grown from 1.2 million barrels per day in 2003 to 1.6 million barrels per day in 2013.
[193] [194] [195] Demographics Main articles: Demographics of Indonesia and Indonesian people According to the 2010 national census , the population of Indonesia is 237.6 million, with high population growth at 1.9%.
[198] Indonesia currently possess a relatively young population, with a median age of 28.2 years (2011 estimate).
[200] An additional 8 million Indonesian live overseas , comprising one of the world's largest diasporas .
[201] Ethnic groups Main articles: Ethnic groups in Indonesia and Native Indonesians A map of major ethnic groups in Indonesia Indonesia is a very ethnically and linguistically diverse country, with around 300 distinct native ethnic groups, and 742 different languages and dialects.
[202] [203] Most Indonesians are descended from Austronesian -speaking peoples whose languages can be traced to Proto-Austronesian, which possibly originated in Taiwan .
Another major grouping are the Melanesians , who inhabit eastern Indonesia.
[206] A sense of Indonesian nationhood exists alongside strong regional identities.
[208] [209] [210] Chinese Indonesians are an influential ethnic minority comprising 3–4% of the population.
[211] Much of the country's privately owned commerce and wealth is Chinese-Indonesian-controlled.
[212] [213] Chinese businesses in Indonesia are part of the larger bamboo network , a network of overseas Chinese businesses operating in the markets of Southeast Asia that share common family and cultural ties.
[215] [216] [217] Languages Main article: Languages of Indonesia A manuscript from the early 1800s from central Sumatra , in Batak Toba language, one of many languages from Indonesia.
More than 700 regional languages are spoken in Indonesia's numerous islands.
The official language is Indonesian (also known as Bahasa Indonesia ) a variant of Malay , [219] which was used in the archipelago.
It borrows heavily from local languages such as Javanese, Sundanese, Minangkabau, etc. Indonesian is primarily used in commerce, administration, education and the media, but most Indonesians speak other languages , such as Javanese , as their first language.
[218] Indonesian is based on the prestige dialect of Malay, that of the Johor - Riau Sultanate, which for centuries had been the lingua franca of the archipelago.
Indonesian is universally taught in schools and consequently is spoken by nearly every Indonesian.
Indonesian was promoted by Indonesian nationalists in the 1920s, and declared the official language under the name Bahasa Indonesia in the proclamation of independence in 1945.
Most Indonesians speak at least one of several hundred local languages and dialects , often as their first language .
[9] Urban centres   v t e Largest cities or towns in Indonesia Statistics Indonesia (2010) [221] Rank Name Province Pop.
Jakarta Surabaya 1 Jakarta Jakarta 9,588,198 11 South Tangerang Banten 1,290,322 Bandung Bekasi 2 Surabaya East Java 2,765,487 12 Bogor West Java 950,334 3 Bandung West Java 2,394,873 13 Batam Riau Islands 944,285 4 Bekasi West Java 2,334,871 14 Pekanbaru Riau 897,767 5 Medan North Sumatra 2,097,610 15 Bandar Lampung Lampung 881,801 6 Tangerang Banten 1,798,601 16 Padang West Sumatra 833,562 7 Depok West Java 1,738,570 17 Malang East Java 820,243 8 Semarang Central Java 1,555,984 18 Denpasar Bali 788,589 9 Palembang South Sumatra 1,455,284 19 Samarinda East Kalimantan 727,500 10 Makassar South Sulawesi 1,338,663 20 Tasikmalaya West Java 635,464 Religion Main article: Religion in Indonesia Religion in Indonesia [222] Religion Percent(%) Islam    87.2%
Indonesia is also the most populous Muslim country in the world .
While religious freedom is stipulated in the Indonesian constitution, [223] the government officially recognises only six religions : Islam , Protestantism , Roman Catholicism , Hinduism , Buddhism , and Confucianism .
[8] Indonesia is the world's most populous Muslim majority country, at 87.2% in 2010, with the majority being Sunni Muslims (99%).
Most Indonesian Hindus are Balinese , [227] and most Buddhists in modern-day Indonesia are ethnic Chinese .
Hinduism left a significant impact and imprint in Indonesian art and culture .
Though now minority religions, Hinduism and Buddhism remain defining influences in Indonesian culture .
Hindu influences reached the Indonesian Archipelago as early as first century.
[229] Salakanagara kingdom , a Sundanese kingdom, is the first historically recorded Indianised kingdom in Indonesia, located in West Java , created by Indian trader after marrying a local Sundanese princess.
Islam was first adopted by Indonesians in northern Sumatra in the 13th century, through the influence of traders, and became the country's dominant religion by the 16th century.
[231] Roman Catholicism was brought to Indonesia by early Portuguese colonialists and missionaries, [232] [233] and the Protestant denominations are largely a result of Dutch Reformed and Lutheran missionary efforts during the country's colonial period.
[234] [235] [236] A large proportion of Indonesians—such as the Javanese abangan , Balinese Hindus , and Dayak Christians—practice a less orthodox , syncretic form of their religion, which draws on local customs and beliefs.
[237] Most of indigenous native Indonesian beliefs could be categorised as animism , shamanism as well ancestral worship .
Examples of Indonesian native belief systems are Sundanese Sunda Wiwitan , Dayak 's Kaharingan , Torajan Aluk' To Dolo, Manusela and Nuaulu 's Naurus, Batak 's Parmalim faith, and to some extent Javanese Kejawen belief.
[238] [239] [240] Women Main article: Women in Indonesia As many other developing countries, high fertility rate still is the main problem of this country.
[241] [242] [243] Traditionally, Indonesian society has viewed children as the source of fortune .
[245] Indonesia signed the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women in 1980 and ratified it in 1984.
[246] The Indonesian National Commission on Violence Against Women noted that more regulations that discriminate against women are being adopted throughout the country than are being repealed.
[247] In many parts of Indonesia, local laws compelling women and girls to wear the hijab are increasingly in place in schools, government offices and public spaces.
[250] Problems Close to 80 percent of the Indonesian population lives in the western parts of the country, [251] but that segment of the population is growing at a slower pace than the rest of the country.
[241] This make a gap in term of wealth , unemployment rate , and health between the densely populated islands like Sumatra and Java , which are the economic centre of Indonesia and the sparsely populated islands such as Maluku , and Papua which also considered as Indonesia's disadvantaged area.
[241] [252] The Income inequality is still a problem, not only effects to economy, but also social structure of Indonesia, resulting social discrimination .
[131] [253] Racial discrimination especially against Chinese which is still a controversial issues and still continues in Indonesia since Dutch colonialisation until recent.
[254] [255] Education Main article: Education in Indonesia Bandung Institute of Technology is considered as one of the most prestigious universities in Indonesia, together with University of Indonesia , and Gadjah Mada University .
[256] [257] Education in Indonesia is compulsory for twelve years.
[261] By 2014, there were 118 state universities in Indonesia.
According to the 2015 Times Higher Education World University Rankings , the top university in Indonesia is University of Indonesia (rank 310, dropped from 201 in 2009), followed by Bandung Institute of Technology (in the 431–460 rank range) and Gadjah Mada University (in the 551–600 rank range).
Five other Indonesian universities, including Airlangga University , Bogor Institute of Agriculture , Diponegoro University , Sepuluh Nopember Institute of Technology and Brawijaya University all huddled in the 701+ range.
[263] Health Main article: Health in Indonesia Government expenditure on healthcare in Indonesia is about 3.1 percent of its total gross domestic product .
[264] Every citizen is protected under Jaminan Kesehatan Nasional (JKN), a scheme to implement universal health care in the country which launched by Ministry of Health of Indonesia .
[265] Under JKN, all Indonesians will receive coverage for a range of treatments via health services from public providers as well as those private organisations that have opted to join the scheme.
The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for Indonesia is 240.
Health outcomes have significantly improved in Indonesia since the 1960s.
[268] Science and technology Main article: Science and technology in Indonesia Living in an agrarian and maritime culture the people in Indonesian's archipelago have been famous in some traditional technologies, particularly in agriculture and marine .
In agriculture, for instance, the people in Indonesia, and also in many other Southeast Asian countries, are famous in paddy cultivation technique namely terasering.
Bugis and Makassar people in Indonesia are also well-known with their technology in making wooden sailing vessel called pinisi boat .
[269] Aerospace Palapa satellite was first launched in July 1976, making Indonesia the first developing country to operate its own satellite system.
In aerospace technology, Indonesia has a long history in developing military and small commuter aircraft as the only country in Southeast Asia to produce and develop its own aircraft, also producing aircraft components for Boeing and Airbus , with its state-owned aircraft company (founded in 1976), the Indonesian Aerospace ( Indonesian : PT.
Dirgantara Indonesia ), which, with EADS CASA of Spain developed the CN-235 aircraft, which has been exported to many countries.
B. J. Habibie , a former Indonesian president played an important role in this achievement.
[270] Indonesia also hopes to manufacture the South Korean KAI KF-X fighter.
[271] Indonesia is also the first developing country to launch its own satellite system, known as Palapa .
The first satellite, PALAPA A1 was first launched on 8 July 1976 Florida time, or on 9 July 1976 Western Indonesian Time on a US rocket, Delta 2914, from the Kennedy Space Center .
[273] As of 2016 [update] , Indonesia has launched 11 satellites to connect alongside the archipelago.
[274] Infrastructure Indonesia has a well established railway industry, with its state-owned train manufacturer company, the Indonesian Railway Industry ( Indonesian : PT.
[275] In the 1980s an Indonesian engineer, Tjokorda Raka Sukawati invented a road construction technique named Sosrobahu which becomes famous afterwards and widely used by many countries.
[276] Internet Main article: Internet in Indonesia With an estimated userbase of 132,700,000, Indonesia is one of the top ten largest countries by number of Internet users, [277] and its Facebook and Twitter user populations are fourth and third largest, respectively, of any country.
[278] [279] The majority of Internet users in Indonesia are between the ages of 18 and 25, with an average Internet usage of 4.7 hours daily.
[283] The Internet remains a relatively new communication medium in Indonesia.
Like other developing countries , Indonesia began Internet development in the early 1990s.
[284] Unusually, Indonesia's Internet participation began with a small private group, known as the "Paguyuban Network", or "Network Group".
[284] Tourism Main articles: Tourism in Indonesia and List of national parks of Indonesia Borobudur is the single most visited tourist attraction in Indonesia.
[285] Both nature and culture are major components of Indonesian tourism.
These natural attractions are complemented by a rich cultural heritage that reflects Indonesia's dynamic history and ethnic diversity.
Indonesia has a well-preserved natural ecosystem with rainforests that stretch over about 57% of Indonesia's land (225 million acres).
Moreover, Indonesia has one of longest coastlines in the world, measuring 54,716 kilometres (33,999 mi).
With 20% of the world's coral reefs, over 3,000 different species of fish and 600 coral species, deep water trenches, volcanic sea mounts, World War II wrecks, and an endless variety of macro life, scuba diving in Indonesia is both excellent and inexpensive.
[288] Moreover, there are over 3,500 species living in Indonesian waters, including sharks , dolphins , manta rays , turtles , morays , cuttlefish , octopus and scorpaenidae , compared to 1,500 on the Great Barrier Reef .
Indonesia has 8 UNESCO World Heritage Sites , such as the Komodo National Park , Cultural Landscape of Bali , Ujung Kulon National Park , Lorentz National Park , Tropical Rainforest Heritage of Sumatra , comprises three national parks on the island of Sumatra: Gunung Leuser National Park , Kerinci Seblat National Park and the Bukit Barisan Selatan National Park ; and 18 World Heritage Sites in tentative list, such as the historic urban centres of Jakarta Old Town , Sawahlunto Old Coal Mining Town , Semarang Old Town , as well as Muara Takus Compound Site .
[289] The heritage tourism is focussed on specific interest on Indonesian history , such as colonial architectural heritage of Dutch East Indies era.
Beautiful Indonesia Miniature Park as well as Ancol Dreamland with Dunia Fantasi (Fantasy World) theme park and Atlantis Water Adventure are Jakarta's answer to Disneyland-style amusement park and water park.
[295] Since January 2011, Wonderful Indonesia has been the slogan of an international marketing campaign directed by the Indonesian Ministry of Culture and Tourism to promote tourism.
[296] In year 2015, 10.4 million international visitors entered Indonesia, staying in hotels for an average of 8.5 nights and spending an average of US$1,190 per person during their visit, or US$140 per person per day.
[297] Culture Main article: Culture of Indonesia Dancers in Watublapi, Flores , in traditional costume Indonesia is a rich country with more than 300 ethnic groups .
[301] Traditional carpentry , masonry , stone and woodwork techniques and decorations are also thrived in Indonesian vernacular architecture , with numbers of traditional houses ' styles has been developed.
The traditional houses and settlements of the several hundreds ethnic groups of Indonesia are extremely varied and all have their own specific history.
[302] :5 The Indonesian film industry's popularity peaked in the 1980s and dominated cinemas in Indonesia, [303] although it declined significantly in the early 1990s.
[304] Between 2000 and 2005, the number of Indonesian films released each year has steadily increased.
[303] As of 2015 [update] , Indonesia holds 8 items of UNESCO's Intangible Cultural Heritage , which include wayang puppet theatre , kris , batik , education and training on making Indonesian batik, angklung , saman dance , noken , and the three genres of traditional Balinese dance .
[305] Batik which natives to Indonesia also was recognised by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity on October 2009.
[306] Art Main article: Indonesian art Traditional Balinese painting depicting cockfighting Indonesian art is various artistic expressions and artworks of the archipelagic nation of Indonesia.
It is quite difficult to define Indonesian art, since the country is immensely diverse.
[218] It is either work of arts produced by its people —created by Indonesian artist, or influenced by its culture and traditions.
Indonesian arts includes both age-old artforms developed through centuries, and recently developed contemporary art .
Despite often displaying local ingenuity, Indonesian arts also has experienced foreign exposures and influences—most notably from India , Arabia , China and Europe , as the result of centuries of contacts and interactions facilitated, and often motivated, by trade.
[310] Megalithic sculpture has been discovered in several sites in Indonesia.
[313] Architecture Main articles: Architecture of Indonesia , Rumah adat , and Candi of Indonesia An avenue of Tongkonan houses in a Torajan village Architecture reflects the diversity of cultural that have shaped Indonesia as a whole.
The most dominant influences on Indonesian architecture have traditionally been Indian ; however, Chinese, Arab, and European architectural influences have been significant.
The Indonesia traditional houses are at the centre of a web of customs, social relations, traditional laws, taboos, myths and religions that bind the villagers together.
[302] Example of Indonesian vernacular architecture including Toraja 's Tongkonan , Minangkabau 's Rumah Gadang and Rangkiang , Javanese style Pendopo pavilion with Joglo style roof, Dayak 's longhouses , various Malay houses , Balinese houses and temples , and also various styles of lumbung (rice barns).
Crafts An Asmat woodcarver With more than 300 ethnic groups , Indonesia is considered as the home of world handicraft .
[314] Every ethnic in Indonesia has it own uniqueness , style , and philosophy of craft.
In Indonesia, handicraft is not just a tradition; it is also an important economic sector.
[314] Textiles such as batik , ikat , ulos and songket are several of many Indonesian crafts.
Batik , which is origin to Indonesia is the most remarkable as it was recognised by UNESCO as a Masterpiece of Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity on October 2009, [306] and has become the national costume .
[322] Clothing Main article: National costume of Indonesia An elderly Sundanese woman wearing batik , sarong , and headdress As a multi-diverse country , Indonesia having more than 300 ethnic groups and 34 provinces, each has its own representation of traditional attire and dress from each province with its own unique and distinguished designs.
Today, the most widely recognise Indonesian national costume are Batik [323] and Kebaya , although originally those costumes mainly belong within the culture of Java and Bali , most prominently within Javanese , Sundanese and Balinese culture.
[324] The most obvious display of Indonesian national costumes can be seen by the type of costumes worn by the President of Indonesia and the Indonesian first lady in many and different types of occasions and settings, and also worn by Indonesian diplomatic officials during meeting or gala dinner.
Music Main article: Music of Indonesia Gamelan , one of the most elaborate metallophone orchestra of Indonesia.
The music of Indonesia predates historical records.
Various native Indonesian tribes incorporate chants and songs accompanied with musical instruments in their rituals.
Traditional Indonesian instruments include angklung , kacapi suling , siteran , gong , gamelan , degung , gong kebyar , bumbung , talempong , kulintang and sasando .
The diverse world of Indonesian music genres was the result of the musical creativity of its people, and subsequent cultural encounters with foreign musical influences into the archipelago.
Next to distinctive native form of musics, several genres can trace their origins to foreign influences, such as gambus and qasida from Middle Eastern Islamic music, [325] keroncong from Portuguese influences, [326] and dangdut —one of the most popular music genres in Indonesia—with notable Hindi music influence as well as Malay orchestras.
[327] Today, Indonesian music industry enjoys nationwide popularity.
Thanks to common culture and intelligible languages between Indonesian and Malay , Indonesian music enjoyed regional popularity in neighbouring countries such as Malaysia, Singapore and Brunei.
However, the overwhelming popularity of Indonesian music in Malaysia had alarmed the Malaysian music industry.
In 2008, Malaysian music industry demanded the restriction of Indonesian songs on Malaysian radio broadcasts.
[328] Dance Main article: Dance in Indonesia Minangkabau Tari Piring (plate dance) Traditional dance of Indonesia reflect the rich diversity of Indonesian people.
The dance traditions in Indonesia; such as Javanese , Sundanese , Minangkabau , Balinese , Aceh and many other dances traditions are age old traditions, yet also a living and dynamic traditions.
Several royal houses; the istanas and keratons still survived in some parts of Indonesia and become the haven of cultural conservation.
Dances in Indonesia are believed by many scholars to have had their beginning in rituals and religious worship.
Cuisine Main article: Indonesian cuisine Nasi Padang with rendang , gulai and vegetables.
Indonesian cuisine is one of the most vibrant and colourful cuisines in the world, full of intense flavour.
[331] It is diverse, in part because Indonesia is composed of approximately 6,000 populated islands of the total 18,000 in the world's largest archipelago, [332] with more than 300 ethnic groups calling Indonesia their home.
[335] Some popular Indonesian dishes such as nasi goreng , [336] gado-gado , [337] [338] sate , [339] and soto [340] are ubiquitous in the country and considered as national dishes.
The official national dish of Indonesia however, is tumpeng , chosen in 2014 by Indonesian Ministry of Tourism and Creative Economy as the dish that binds the diversity of Indonesia's various culinary traditions.
[333] Another popular Indonesian dishes like rendang which is one of many Minangkabau cuisine , beside of dendeng and gulai .
[343] Various Balinese dance drama also can be included within traditional form of Indonesian drama.
[348] Modern performing art also developed in Indonesia with their distinct style of drama.
Notable theatre, dance, and drama troupe such as Teater Koma are gain popularity in Indonesia as their drama often portray social and political satire of Indonesian society.
[349] Sports Main article: Sport in Indonesia A demonstration of Pencak Silat , a form of martial arts Sports in Indonesia are generally male-oriented and spectator sports are often associated with illegal gambling.
Indonesian players have won the Thomas Cup (the world team championship of men's badminton) thirteen of the twenty-six times that it has been held since 1949, as well as numerous Olympic medals since the sport gained full Olympic status in 1992.
Indonesian women have won the Uber Cup , the female equivalent of the Thomas Cup, 3 times, in 1975 , 1994 and 1996 .
Liga Super Indonesia is the country's premier football club league.
On the international stage, Indonesia experienced limited success despite being the first Asian team to qualify for the FIFA World Cup in 1938 as Dutch East Indies.
On the continent level, Indonesia won the bronze medal once in football in the 1958 Asian Games .
Indonesia's first appearance in Asian Cup was back in 1996 .
The Indonesian national team qualified for the Asian Cup in 2000 , 2004 and 2007 AFC Asian Cup , however unable to move through next stage.
Basketball has a long history in Indonesia and was part of the first Indonesian National Games in 1948.
[352] Boxing is a popular combative sport spectacle in Indonesia.
Some of famous Indonesian boxers are Ellyas Pical , three times IBF Super flyweight champion; Nico Thomas , Muhammad Rachman , and Chris John .
[353] For racing sport, Indonesia has Rio Haryanto who become the first Indonesian to compete in Formula One .
In areas of Indonesia with a history of tribal warfare, mock fighting contests are held, such as caci in Flores and pasola in Sumba .
Pencak Silat is an Indonesian martial art and in 1987, became one of the sporting events in Southeast Asian Games , with Indonesia appearing as one of the leading forces in this sport.
In Southeast Asia, Indonesia is one of the major sport powerhouses by winning the Southeast Asian Games 10 times since 1977.
Cinema Main article: Cinema of Indonesia The Raid , Indonesian most prestigious and internationally well-known film.
[355] The first domestically produced film in Indonesia was in 1926: Loetoeng Kasaroeng , a silent film by Dutch director L. Heuveldorp.
[357] Usmar Ismail , a director from West Sumatra made a major imprint in Indonesian film in the 1950s and 1960s.
Indonesia has held annual film festivals an awards, the Indonesian Film Festival (Festival Film Indonesia/FFI), which has been held intermittently since 1955.
This festival hands out the Citra Award , an Indonesian counterpart of United State's Academy Awards , the most prestigious award among Indonesian film workers.
Under the Reformasi movement, independent filmmaking was a rebirth of the filming industry in Indonesia, where film's started addressing topics which were previously banned such as; religion, race, love and other topics.
[357] Riri Riza and Mira Lesmana were the new generation of Indonesian film figures who co-directed of Kuldesak (1999), Petualangan Sherina (2000), Ada Apa dengan Cinta?
Media Main article: Media of Indonesia An Indonesian TV channel in Jakarta Stadium , reporting a football match Media freedom in Indonesia increased considerably after the end of President Suharto's rule, during which the now-defunct Ministry of Information monitored and controlled domestic media, and restricted foreign media.
For 27 years, Indonesians could only watch one television channel, TVRI.
By early in the new century, the improved communications system had brought television signals to every village in the country, and most Indonesians could choose from 14 channels.
[364] In 2016, 88 million Indonesians used the Internet, of which 93% used smartphones, 5% tablets and 11% computers.
[365] [366] More than 30 million cell phones are sold in Indonesia each year, and 27% of them are local brands.
[367] Literature Main article: Indonesian literature The oldest evidence of writing in Indonesia is a series of Sanskrit inscriptions dated to the 5th century.
Many of Indonesia's peoples have strongly rooted oral traditions , which help to define and preserve their cultural identities.
[369] Early modern Indonesian literature originates in Sumatran tradition.
[370] Balai Pustaka , the government bureau for popular literature, was instituted around 1920 to promote the development of indigenous literature, it adopted Malay as the preferred common medium for Indonesia.
Important figures in modern Indonesian literature include: Dutch author Multatuli , who criticised treatment of the Indonesians under Dutch colonial rule; Sumatrans Mohammad Yamin and Hamka , who were influential pre-independence nationalist writers and politicians; [371] and proletarian writer Pramoedya Ananta Toer , Indonesia's most famous novelist.
[372] [373] Pramoedya earned several accolades, and was frequently discussed as Indonesia's and Southeast Asia's best candidate for a Nobel Prize in Literature .
[374] Indonesian literature and poetry flourished even more in the first half of the 20th century.
Chairil Anwar was considered as the greatest literary figure of Indonesia by American poet and translator, Burton Raffel .
[375] He was among those youngsters who pioneered in changing the traditional Indonesian literature and modifying it on the lines of the newly independent country.
[376] Public holidays Further information: Public holidays in Indonesia Buddhist Waisak ceremony at Borobudur temple, Central Java Date English name Indonesian name 1 January New Year's Day Tahun Baru Masehi January–February Chinese New Year Tahun Baru Imlek March / Kasa 1 Pawukon 40 Day of Silence (New Year of Balinese Saka Calendar) Hari Raya Nyepi (Tahun Baru Saka) March–April Good Friday Wafat Yesus Kristus (Jumat Agung) 1 May Labor Day Hari Buruh May–June Ascension of Jesus Christ Kenaikan Yesus Kristus Rajab 27 Ascension of the Prophet Isra Mi'raj Nabi Muhammad May / Every May of Vaisakha Buddha's Birthday Hari Raya Waisak 1 June Pancasila Day Hari Lahir Pancasila Shawwal 1-2 Eid al-Fitr Hari Raya Idul Fitri 17 August Independence Day Hari Kemerdekaan Republik Indonesia Dhu al-Hijjah 10 Feast of the Sacrifice Hari Raya Idul Adha Muharram 1 Islamic New Year Tahun Baru Hijriyah Rabi' al-awwal 12 Birth of the Prophet Maulid Nabi Muhammad 25 December Christmas Hari Natal See also Indonesia portal Asia portal Islands portal List of Indonesia-related topics Index of Indonesia-related articles Outline of Indonesia Indonesia – Wikipedia book References ^ "Indonesia" (Country Studies ed.).
Jakarta, Indonesia: Badan Pusat Statistik.
^ a b c d e f "Report for Selected Countries and Subjects: Indonesia" .
"The History and Legal Position of Confucianism in Post Independence Indonesia" (PDF) .
^ a b c d "Indonesia" .
^ "Indonesia – Data" .
^ "OEC – Indonesia (IDN) Exports, Imports, and Trade Partners" .
"Islam in Indonesia: Contrasting Images and Interpretations" .
"Indonesia: A Global Studies Handbook" .
^ a b Indonesia temporarily withdrew from the UN on 20 January 1965 in response to Malaysia being elected as a non-permanent member of the Security Council.
The Ecology of the Indonesian Seas – Part One .
"Asal Usul Nama Indonesia" (in Indonesian).
"The Term Indonesia: Its Origin and Usage".
"Shell tool use by early members of Homo erectus in Sangiran, central Java, Indonesia: cut mark evidence".
"Dating hominid sites in Indonesia".
A short history of Indonesia: the unlikely nation? .
^ Indonesia: World War II and the Struggle For Independence, 1942–50; The Japanese Occupation, 1942–45 , Library of Congress, 1992   ^ Cited in: Dower, John W. War Without Mercy: Race and Power in the Pacific War (1986; Pantheon; ISBN 0-394-75172-8 ) ^ HJ Van Mook (1949).
"Indonesia".
Indonesia: Peoples and History .
; "Indonesian War of Independence" .
^ Indonesia's 1969 Takeover of West Papua Not by "Free Choice" .
^ Ricklefs , pp. 280–283, 284, 287–290 ^ Indonesia's killing fields .
"Ford and Kissinger Gave Green Light to Indonesia's Invasion of East Timor, 1975: New Documents Detail Conversations with Suharto" .
Published 1999 by Kuoni Travel & JPM Publications ^ a b "Hanya ada 13.466 Pulau di Indonesia" .
National Geographic Indonesia (in Indonesian).
Indonesia .
^ "Republic of Indonesia" .
^ "Volcanoes of Indonesia" .
^ http://www.metoffice.gov.uk/media/pdf/8/f/Indonesia.pdf
^ a b Indonesia and Climate_LAYout_19_Print.indd ^ Witton, Patrick (2003).
Indonesia .
^ "Volcanoes of Indonesia" .
^ "Indonesia's Natural Wealth: The Right of a Nation and Her People" .
^ "Globalis-Indonesia" .
^ "Indonesia" .
"Deforestation in Indonesia and the Orangutan Population" .
"Animal Info – Indonesia" .
"Promised Land Palm Oil and Land Acquisition in Indonesia: Implication for Local Communities and Indigenous People" (PDF) .
"Indonesia: General elections test the amended Constitution and the new Constitutional Court".
^ "The Carter Center 2004 Indonesia Election Report" (PDF) (Press release).
^ (2002), The fourth Amendment of 1945 Indonesia Constitution , Chapter III – The Executive Power, Art. 7. ^ People's Consultative Assembly (MPR-RI) .
Ketetapan MPR-RI Nomor II/MPR/2000 tentang Perubahan Kedua Peraturan Tata Tertib Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat Republik Indonesia (PDF) (in Indonesian).
^ a b c d "Background Note: Indonesia" .
Third Amendment to the 1945 Constitution of The Republic of Indonesia (PDF) .
^ a b "Country Profile: Indonesia" (PDF) .
^ KPU Successfully Set and Authorize Pileg Results On Time (10 May 2014) Access date 25 May 2014 ^ Prokurat, Sergiusz (2014), Indonesian parliamentary and presidential elections in 2014.
(Elucidation on the Indonesia Law No. 22/1999 Regarding Regional Governance.
122; "Indonesia Law No. 5/1974 Concerning Basic Principles on Administration in the Region" (PDF) .
The President of Republic of Indonesia (1974).
International NGO Forum on Indonesian Development.
^ "Indonesia – Foreign Policy" .
"Indonesia and Transnational Terrorism" .
"Priority Dilemmas: U.S. – Indonesia Military Relations in the Anti Terror War" .
^ "Travel Warning: Indonesia" (Press release).
"Indonesia military regains ground" .
^ "Indonesia Military Strength" .
"Indonesia Faces 3 Separatist Movements" – via LA Times.
^ Friend , pp. 270–273, 477–480 ^ "Indonesia flashpoints: Aceh" .
^ "Indonesia agrees Aceh peace deal" .
"Indonesia starts Aceh withdrawal" .
^ "Economy of Indonesia" .
^ "News – SBY: Indonesia Will Be in the Top 10" .
Embassy of The Republic of Indonesia, Washington, D.C. 13 June 2011.
^ "World Bank: Indonesia World's 10th Largest Economy" .
^ "Indonesia's economy overview" .
^ "Indonesia: Distribution of employment by economic sector from 2004 to 2014" .
^ "Indonesia — Agriculture" .
^ "Clearinghouse Countries: Indonesia" .
^ "Indonesia Poverty and wealth, Information about Poverty and wealth in Indonesia" .
^ "Monetary Policy Report Quarter IV / 2010 – Central Bank of Republic of Indonesia" .
^ "Indonesia's economy continues to surprise" .
^ "IMF Survey: Indonesia's Choice of Policy Mix Critical to Ongoing Growth" .
^ "Indonesian Economy Grows at Top Clip Since '90s" .
^ "Fitch Upgrades Indonesia's Rating to Investment Grade" .
^ "Unemployment in Indonesia" .
Indonesia Investments .
^ a b c "Indonesia" .
^ "Indonesia: Market Profile" .
"Can Indonesia increase palm oil output without destroying its forest?
^ "Tourist Arrivals to Indonesia spent record US$ 10.1 billion" .
PT Toyota Motor Manufacturing Indonesia.
Indonesia OK!!: The Guide with a Gentle Twist .
Tempo (in Indonesian) .
^ "Indonesia struggles to achieve infrastructure target" .
Kompas (in Indonesian) .
^ "INDONESIA PRESS-Govt to hold "beauty contest" for high-speed train project – Jakarta Globe" .
"Wamenhub: Indonesia bakal miliki 299 bandara" .
Antaranews.com (in Indonesian) .
^ a b c http://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/McKinsey%2520Offices/Indonesia/PDFs/Ten_ideas_to_reshape_Indonesias_energy_sector.ashx
"Construction of Seepage Measurement System at Jatiluhur Dam, Indonesia" .
^ "Jatiluhur Indonesia" (in French).
^ "Country Report: Indonesia" (PDF) .
^ "Central Bureau of Statistics: Census 2010 " (PDF) (in Indonesian).
"Population Trends in Indonesia" .
^ "Population of Indonesia" .
Indonesia Investment .
Indonesia.
United Nations ^ "Memanfaatkan Diaspora Indonesia" .
^ "An Overview of Indonesia" .
Living in Indonesia, A Site for Expatriates .
" " Bahasa Indonesia" and languages of Indonesia" (PDF) .
The Traditional Architecture of Indonesia .
Autonomy and Disintegration in Indonesia .
"Migration & Conflict in Indonesia" (PDF) .
Report on Church and Human Rights Persecution in Indonesia .
Ambon, Indonesia: Fica-Net .
Many sociologists regard this as a serious underestimate: they believe that somewhere between six million and seven million people of Chinese descent are now living in Indonesia.
"Indigenous Cultures in the Development of Indonesia" .
"An Analysis of the Implication of Suharto's resignation for Chinese Indonesians" .
"Bhinneka Tunggal Ika Belum Menjadi Kenyataan Menjelang HUT Kemerdekaan RI Ke-59" (in Indonesian).
Komisi Hukum Nasional Republik Indonesia (National Law Commission, Republic of Indonesia), Jakarta.
The Indonesian Language: Its history and role in modern society .
Sydney: University of South Wales Press Ltd.   ^ "Ethnologue report for Indonesia (Papua)" .
^ http://www.datastatistik-indonesia.com/component/option,com_tabel/task,/Itemid,165/ ^ "Penduduk Menurut Wilayah dan Agama yang Dianut" [Population by Region and Religion] .
Jakarta, Indonesia: Badan Pusat Statistik.
Not Asked 757118 (0.32), Total 237641326 ^ "The 1945 Constitution of the Republic of Indonesia" .
^ "Muslim Population of Indonesia" .
^ "Indonesia – Buddhism" .
^ Jan Gonda , The Indian Religions in Pre-Islamic Indonesia and their survival in Bali, in Handbook of Oriental Studies.
^ "Indonesia – Islam" .
Sejarah Indonesia .
^ Magnis-Suseno, F. 1981, Javanese Ethics and World-View: The Javanese Idea of the Good Life , PT Gramedia Pustaka Utama, Jakarta, 1997, pp.15–18, ISBN 979-605-406-X ; "Indonesia Annual International Religious Freedom Report 2003" (Press release).
Jakarta, Indonesia: Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights and Labor, Embassy of the United States.
^ U.S. Department of State Annual Report on International Religious Freedom for 2006 – Indonesia – September 2006 Archived 19 October 2006 at the Wayback Machine .
US State Department ^ Indonesia International Religious Freedom Report 2005 – US State Department ^ a b c d "Social and Demographic Issues in Indonesia – Future Directions International" .
^ http://www.copenhagenconsensus.com/sites/default/files/indonesia_packet_population.pdf
^ Indonesia ^ https://www.adb.org/sites/default/files/publication/28140/asra02.pdf
^ "9–10 June: Child Marriage, Sexual Moralities and the Politics of Decentralization in Indonesia – News – Research" .
"The Implementation of CEDAW Related to Women's Quota in Indonesian Parliament" .
^ "Indonesia: Commission Finds Many Laws that Discriminate Against Women" .
"OPINION: Indonesian women's rights under siege" .
^ "Child marriage a serious problem in Indonesia" .
^ "9-10 June: Child Marriage, Sexual Moralities and the Politics of Decentralization in Indonesia - News - Research" .
^ The impact of migration on the province of Papua, Indonesia ^ "Indonesia's Rising Divide" .
Archived from the original (online archive in Indonesian ) on 26 November 2004 .
^ "707 Siswa Pandai Tapi Tak Mampu Lulus SPMB" (online archive in Indonesian ) .
Sinar Indonesia Baru.
^ "Awakening Indonesia's Golden Generation: Extending Compulsory Education from 9 to 12 Years" .
"Indonesia: a country study" (PDF) .
^ "Data on Indonesia" .
"UI Still Indonesia's Best University, but Global Rankings Highlight National Dearth of Innovation" .
Global Business Guide Indonesia .
^ a b "Indonesia" .
^ a b c "World Bank and Health in Indonesia" .
"History of the Indonesian Pinisi" .
"Indonesia Angling to Help Build S. Korean Jet Fighter" .
^ "Planning and Development of Indonesia's Domestic Communications Satellite System PALAPA" .
^ "Mayoritas Netizen di Indonesia Berusia 18–25 Tahun" .
Indonesia .
^ "Scuba Diving in Indonesia: Komodo, Raja Ampat, Bali, Sulawesi and More" .
^ [1] Ultra Marine: In far eastern Indonesia, the Raja Ampat islands embrace a phenomenal coral wilderness, by David Doubilet, National Geographic, September 2007 ^ "Indonesia" .
Kompas (in Indonesian) .
"Tourism Ministry set to launch 'Wonderful Indonesia' campaign" .
^ "Siaran Pers Kunjungan Wisman 2015 Lampaui Target" (in Indonesian).
^ a b http://demografi.bps.go.id/phpFileTree/bahan/kumpulan_tugas_mobilitas_pak_chotib/Kelompok_1/Referensi/Jill_Forshee_Culture_and_Customs_of_Indonesia_Culture_and_Customs_of_Asia__2006.pdf
Indonesian Houses: Tradition and Transformation in Vernacular Architecture .
"Sepuluh Tahun Terakhir Perfilman Indonesia" (in Indonesian).
^ "Kondisi Perfilman di Indonesia" [The State of The Film Industry in Indonesia] .
Panton (in Indonesian).
^ "Indonesia – intangible heritage – Culture Sector – UNESCO" .
^ a b " " Indonesian Batik", Inscribed in 2009 on the Representative List of the Intangible Cultural Heritage of Humanity" .
^ Based on "Seminar Nasional Penetapan Nama Pulau-pulau Kecil Dalam Presektif Sejarah" or "National Seminary of Name For Little Islands From History Side", 16 to 18 July 2008 at Palembang , South Sumatra, Indonesia ^ Kuoni – Far East, A world of difference.
Published 1999 by Kuoni Travel & JPM Publications ^ "Indonesian Arts and Crafts" .
Living in Indonesia .
^ a b c Balinese Traditional Paintings ^ "INDONESIAN CULTURE; ARTS AND TRADITIONS – Embassy of Indonesia, Athens" .
^ a b Now Reading Indonesian Primitive Art ^ Centre, UNESCO World Heritage.
^ a b Jill Forshee, Culture and customs of Indonesia , Greenwood Publishing Group: 2006: ISBN 0-313-33339-4 .
Divine Inspirations: Music and Islam in Indonesia .
Popular Culture in Indonesia: Fluid Identities in Post-Authoritarian Politics .
^ "Malaysian music industry wants Indonesian songs restricted" .
^ Travel, Indonesia and Bali Tourism and.
"Indonesia Tourism : The Dance and Theater in the Archipelago" .
^ "About Indonesian food" .
^ "Indonesian Cuisine."
World Food: Indonesia .
^ Compared to the infused flavors of Vietnamese and Thai food , flavors in Indonesia are kept relatively separate, simple and substantial.
^ "Nasi Goreng: Indonesia's mouthwatering national dish" .
Indonesia Eats.
^ "National Dish of Indonesia Gado Gado" .
^ "Indonesian food recipes: Satay" .
^ "The History of Indonesian Puppet Theater (Wayang)" .
^ Tnol.asia ^ [2] [ dead link ] ^ "Indonesia – Theatre and dance – history – geography" .
^ a b "Randai (Indonesian folk theater form, uses silat) « MIT Global Shakespeares" .
^ "Review: Indonesian post-colonial theatre – Inside Indonesia" .
Indonesia .
^ Alex Monnig, World Cup, 2013 ^ "History of Basketball in Indonesia" .
NBL Indonesia .
"Tujuh Juara Tinju Dunia dari Indonesia" [Seven World Boxing Champions from Indonesia] .
Good News from Indonesia (in Indonesian).
"Haryanto becomes Indonesia's first F1 driver" .
Contemporary Asian Cinema, Indonesia: Screening a Nation in the Post-New Order .
Indonesia Today: Challenges of History .
In Indonesia: A Country Study (William H. Frederick and Robert L. Worden, eds.).
In Indonesia: A Country Study (William H. Frederick and Robert L. Worden, eds.).
^ "Indonesian internet users turn to smartphones to go online" .
"Preserving Intangible Cultural Heritage in Indonesia" (PDF) .
Ikhtisar Kesusastraan Indonesia: dari pantun, bidal, gurindam hingga puisi kontemporer : dari dongeng, hikayat, roman hingga cerita pendek dan novel .
Sumatran Contributions to the Development of Indonesian Literature, 1920–1942 .
Indonesian Destinies .
A History of Modern Indonesia since c.1300 (Second ed.).
A Nation in Waiting: Indonesia in the 1990s .
Indonesia: Peoples and Histories .
A History of Modern Indonesia .
External links Find more about Indonesia at Wikipedia's sister projects Definitions from Wiktionary Media from Commons News from Wikinews Quotations from Wikiquote Texts from Wikisource Textbooks from Wikibooks Travel guide from Wikivoyage Learning resources from Wikiversity Wikimedia Commons has media related to Category:Indonesia .
Government Government of Indonesia Minister of The State Secretary (Indonesian) Statistics Center Chief of State and Cabinet Members General information "Indonesia" .
Indonesia from UCB Libraries GovPubs Indonesia at DMOZ Indonesia profile from the BBC News Indonesia at Encyclopædia Britannica Wikimedia Atlas of Indonesia Geographic data related to Indonesia at OpenStreetMap Official Site of Indonesian Tourism Key Development Forecasts for Indonesia from International Futures Andaman Sea Bay of Bengal India Celebes Sea Malaysia Philippines Singapore South China Sea Pacific Ocean Palau Philippine Sea Indian Ocean Papua New Guinea   Indonesia   Indian Ocean Australia Indian Ocean Australia East Timor Timor Sea Torres Strait   Articles relating to Indonesia v t e Indonesia   articles History Timeline Hinduism-Buddhism era Spread of Islam VOC era (1603–1800) Dutch East Indies (1800–1942) Japanese occupation (1942–45) National Revolution (1945–49) Liberal democracy era (1950–57) Guided Democracy (1957–65) Transitional period (1965–66) New Order (1966–98) Reformasi (since 1998) Geography Cities Deforestation Earthquakes Environmental issues Geology Islands Lakes Mountains National parks Natural history Fauna Flora Rivers Volcanoes Politics Administrative divisions Provinces Cabinet Constitution Elections Foreign relations Human rights Law enforcement Military Pancasila People's Consultative Assembly Police Political parties President Economy Agriculture Aviation Banks Energy Palm oil production Science and technology Stock Exchange Telecommunications Tourism Transport Water supply and sanitation Culture Architecture Art Batik Cinema Cuisine Dance Ikat Heroes Legends Literature Martial arts Media Music Properties Public holidays Sport Demographics Education Ethnic groups Health Languages Nusantara Religion Women Symbols Anthem Costume Emblem Faunal emblems Asian arowana Javan hawk-eagle Komodo dragon Flag Floral emblems Common jasmine Moon orchid Giant padma Garuda Motto Personification Songs Tree Outline Index Book Category Portal Gallery Atlas v t e Government of Indonesia Executive Branch Elected Officials President of Indonesia list Vice President of Indonesia list Cabinet (List) and Ministries Agriculture Communication and Information Technology Defence Education and Culture Energy and Mineral Resources Environment and Forestry Finance Foreign Affairs Health Home Affairs Industry Information Justice and Human Rights Manpower and Transmigration Maritime Affairs and Fisheries National Development Planning Population Public Works Religious Affairs Research and Technology Social Services State Owned Enterprises Tourism Trade Transportation Non-Ministrial Government Agency National Archive Creative Economy Geospatial Information State Intelligence Sea Security Civil Service Population and Family Planning Investment Coordination Meteorology, Climatology and Geophysics Narcotics National Disaster Management Terrorism Countermeasure Indonesian Workers Placement and Protection Financial and Development Comptroller Nuclear Power Inspection Drug and Food Inspection Technological Assessment and Application National Development Planning National Land Agency Central Statistics Search and Rescue National Standardization Nuclear Power National Agency State Administration Body Sciences Institute Government Procurement Policy National Resilience Aeronautics and Space Signals Intelligence National Library Legislative Branch People's Consultative Assembly People's Representative Council Regional Representative Council Judicial Branch Supreme Court Constitutional Court Judicial Commission Government Agencies Bank Indonesia Corruption Eradication Commission Financial Services Authority General Elections Commission National Team for Transportation Safety and Security Military and Police Indonesian National Armed Forces Air Force Army Marine Corps Navy Indonesian National Police Mobile Brigade Civil Service Police Unit Indonesia portal WikiProject Commons Category v t e Countries and other territories in Southeast Asia Sovereign states Brunei Cambodia East Timor Indonesia Laos Malaysia Myanmar Philippines Singapore Thailand Vietnam Dependent territories or Special Administrative Regions Christmas Island ( Australia ) Cocos (Keeling) Islands ( Australia ) Subdivisions Paracel Islands (controlled by China ) Pratas Islands (controlled by Taiwan ) Spratly Islands (disputed among and controlled by various claimants) Andaman and Nicobar Islands ( India ) Hainan (China) v t e Countries and territories of Oceania Sovereign states Entire Australia Federated States of Micronesia Fiji Kiribati Marshall Islands Nauru New Zealand Palau Papua New Guinea Samoa Solomon Islands Tonga Tuvalu Vanuatu In part Chile Easter Island Juan Fernández Islands Indonesia West Papua Papua Japan Ogasawara United States Hawaii Palmyra Atoll Associated states of New Zealand Niue Cook Islands Dependencies and other territories Australia Ashmore and Cartier Islands Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Coral Sea Islands Norfolk Island United States American Samoa Baker Island Guam Howland Island Jarvis Island Johnston Atoll Kingman Reef Midway Atoll Northern Mariana Islands Wake Island Others French Polynesia  / New Caledonia  / Wallis and Futuna France Tokelau New Zealand Pitcairn Islands UK Authority control WorldCat Identities VIAF : 125405737 LCCN : n80083633 GND : 4026761-1 SUDOC : 026385864 BNF : cb15323043s (data) NDL : 00871922 Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Indonesia&oldid=762884485 " Categories : Indonesia 1949 establishments in Indonesia Countries in Melanesia Developing 8 Countries member states E7 nations G15 nations G20 nations Island countries Malay-speaking countries and territories Former OPEC member states Member states of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations Member states of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation Member states of the United Nations Muslim-majority countries Republics Southeast Asian countries States and territories established in 1949 Hidden categories: CS1 Indonesian-language sources (id) All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from December 2016 CS1 French-language sources (fr) Webarchive template wayback links Wikipedia articles needing page number citations from December 2016 Pages using ISBN magic links Wikipedia pages semi-protected against vandalism EngvarB from December 2016 Use dmy dates from December 2016 Coordinates on Wikidata Articles including recorded pronunciations Articles containing Indonesian-language text Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2016 All articles containing potentially dated statements Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2014 Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2012 Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2008 Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2015 Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Articles with Indonesian-language external links Articles with DMOZ links Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Wikipedia articles with BNF identifiers Featured articles Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikinews Wikiquote Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages Acèh Адыгэбзэ Адыгабзэ Afrikaans Akan Alemannisch አማርኛ Ænglisc العربية Aragonés Arpetan অসমীয়া Asturianu Avañe'ẽ Aymar aru Azərbaycanca تۆرکجه বাংলা Bahasa Banjar Bân-lâm-gú Basa Banyumasan Башҡортса Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ भोजपुरी Bikol Central Bislama Български Boarisch བོད་ཡིག Bosanski Brezhoneg Буряад Català Чӑвашла Cebuano Čeština Chamoru Chavacano de Zamboanga Chi-Chewa ChiShona ChiTumbuka Corsu Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ދިވެހިބަސް Diné bizaad Dolnoserbski Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Estremeñu Euskara Eʋegbe فارسی Fiji Hindi Føroyskt Français Frysk Gaeilge Gaelg Gagauz Gàidhlig Galego 贛語 Gĩkũyũ ગુજરાતી गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî Хальмг 한국어 Hausa Hawaiʻi Հայերեն हिन्दी Hornjoserbsce Hrvatski Ido Ilokano বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Interlingue ᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitut Iñupiak Ирон Íslenska Italiano עברית Basa Jawa Kalaallisut ಕನ್ನಡ Kapampangan ქართული Kaszëbsczi Қазақша Kernowek Kinyarwanda Kiswahili Коми Kongo Kreyòl ayisyen Kurdî Кыргызча Кырык мары Лезги ລາວ لۊری شومالی Latina Latviešu Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Ligure Limburgs Lingála Livvinkarjala La .lojban.
Library Secondary Navigation Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Home Library Publications Resources The World Factbook   Please select a country to view World Afghanistan Akrotiri Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Arctic Ocean Argentina Armenia Aruba Ashmore and Cartier Islands Atlantic Ocean Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas, The Bahrain Baker Island Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia French Southern and Antarctic Lands Gabon Gambia, The Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Howland Island Hungary Iceland India Indian Ocean Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jarvis Island Jersey Johnston Atoll Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kingman Reef Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Midway Islands Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Navassa Island Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pacific Ocean Pakistan Palau Palmyra Atoll Panama Papua New Guinea Paracel Islands Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Southern Ocean South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Pacific Island Wildlife Refuges Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe European Union ABOUT History Copyright and Contributors Purchasing Did You Know? REFERENCES Regional and World Maps Flags of the World Gallery of Covers Definitions and Notes Guide to Country Profiles Guide to Country Comparisons The World Factbook Users Guide APPENDICES A: abbreviations B: international organizations and groups C: selected international environmental agreements D: cross-reference list of country data codes E: cross-reference list of hydrographic data codes F: cross-reference list of geographic names G: weights and measures FAQ s CONTACT East & Southeast Asia :: INDONESIA Page last updated on January 12, 2017 The World Factbook × East & Southeast Asia :: INDONESIA Flag Description two equal horizontal bands of red (top) and white; the colors derive from the banner of the Majapahit Empire of the 13th-15th centuries; red symbolizes courage, white represents purity note: similar to the flag of Monaco, which is shorter; also similar to the flag of Poland, which is white (top) and red The World Factbook × East & Southeast Asia :: INDONESIA View 9 photos of INDONESIA The World Factbook × East & Southeast Asia :: INDONESIA 1 / 9 Caption This true-color image of some of the Indonesian islands is from mid-May 2002.
Agency Copyright Notice 2 / 9 Caption Nestled between the large Indonesian islands of Java and Sumatra is the Krakatau Volcano National Park.
Responsible for one of the largest and most destructive eruptions in Indonesia's history (1883), Krakatau still erupts frequently.
The western portion of Timor and the remaining islands (including Flores) belong to Indonesia.
Agency Copyright Notice Previous Next The World Factbook × East & Southeast Asia :: INDONESIA Introduction :: INDONESIA Background: The Dutch began to colonize Indonesia in the early 17th century; Japan occupied the islands from 1942 to 1945.
Indonesia declared its independence shortly before Japan's surrender, but it required four years of sometimes brutal fighting, intermittent negotiations, and UN mediation before the Netherlands agreed to transfer sovereignty in 1949.
From 1967 until 1988, President SUHARTO ruled Indonesia with his "New Order" government.
Indonesia is now the world's third most populous democracy, the world's largest archipelagic state, and the world's largest Muslim-majority nation.
In 2005, Indonesia reached a historic peace agreement with armed separatists in Aceh, which led to democratic elections in Aceh in December 2006.
Indonesia continues to face low intensity armed resistance in Papua by the separatist Free Papua Movement.
Geography :: INDONESIA Location: Southeastern Asia, archipelago between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean Geographic coordinates: 5 00 S, 120 00 E Map references: Southeast Asia Area: total: 1,904,569 sq km land: 1,811,569 sq km water: 93,000 sq km country comparison to the world: 15 Area - comparative: slightly less than three times the size of Texas Area comparison map: The World Factbook × East & Southeast Asia :: INDONESIA Area Comparison slightly less than three times the size of Texas Land boundaries: total: 2,958 km border countries (3): Timor-Leste 253 km, Malaysia 1,881 km, Papua New Guinea 824 km Coastline: 54,716 km Maritime claims: measured from claimed archipelagic straight baselines territorial sea: 12 nm exclusive economic zone: 200 nm Climate: tropical; hot, humid; more moderate in highlands Terrain: mostly coastal lowlands; larger islands have interior mountains Elevation: mean elevation: 367 m elevation extremes: lowest point: Indian Ocean 0 m highest point: Puncak Jaya 4,884 m Natural resources: petroleum, tin, natural gas, nickel, timber, bauxite, copper, fertile soils, coal, gold, silver Land use: agricultural land: 31.2%
Irrigated land: 67,220 sq km (2012) Natural hazards: occasional floods; severe droughts; tsunamis; earthquakes; volcanoes; forest fires volcanism: Indonesia contains the most volcanoes of any country in the world - some 76 are historically active; significant volcanic activity occurs on Java, Sumatra, the Sunda Islands, Halmahera Island, Sulawesi Island, Sangihe Island, and in the Banda Sea; Merapi (elev.
2,968 m), Indonesia's most active volcano and in eruption since 2010, has been deemed a Decade Volcano by the International Association of Volcanology and Chemistry of the Earth's Interior, worthy of study due to its explosive history and close proximity to human populations; other notable historically active volcanoes include Agung, Awu, Karangetang, Krakatau (Krakatoa), Makian, Raung, and Tambora Environment - current issues: deforestation; water pollution from industrial wastes, sewage; air pollution in urban areas; smoke and haze from forest fires Environment - international agreements: party to: Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Ozone Layer Protection, Ship Pollution, Tropical Timber 83, Tropical Timber 94, Wetlands signed, but not ratified: Marine Life Conservation Geography - note: according to Indonesia's National Coordinating Agency for Survey and Mapping, the total number of islands in the archipelago is 13,466, of which 922 are permanently inhabited (Indonesia is the world's largest country comprised solely of islands); the country straddles the equator and occupies a strategic location astride or along major sea lanes from the Indian Ocean to the Pacific Ocean; despite having the fourth largest population in the world, Indonesia is the most heavily forested region on earth after the Amazon People and Society :: INDONESIA Population: 258,316,051 (July 2016 est.) country comparison to the world: 5 Nationality: noun: Indonesian(s) adjective: Indonesian Ethnic groups: Javanese 40.1%, Sundanese 15.5%, Malay 3.7%, Batak 3.6%, Madurese 3%, Betawi 2.9%, Minangkabau 2.7%, Buginese 2.7%, Bantenese 2%, Banjarese 1.7%, Balinese 1.7%, Acehnese 1.4%, Dayak 1.4%, Sasak 1.3%, Chinese 1.2%, other 15% (2010 est.)
Languages: Bahasa Indonesia (official, modified form of Malay), English, Dutch, local dialects (of which the most widely spoken is Javanese) note: more than 700 languages are used in Indonesia Religions: Muslim 87.2%, Christian 7%, Roman Catholic 2.9%, Hindu 1.7%, other 0.9% (includes Buddhist and Confucian), unspecified 0.4% (2010 est.)
Age structure: 0-14 years: 25.42% (male 33,435,020/female 32,224,706) 15-24 years: 17.03% (male 22,397,086/female 21,604,985) 25-54 years: 42.35% (male 55,857,415/female 53,543,682) 55-64 years: 8.4% (male 9,918,897/female 11,790,016) 65 years and over: 6.79% (male 7,630,251/female 9,913,993) (2016 est.) population pyramid: The World Factbook × East & Southeast Asia :: INDONESIA Population Pyramid A population pyramid illustrates the age and sex structure of a country's population and may provide insights about political and social stability, as well as economic development.
male: 19.5% female: 21.4% (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 49 Government :: INDONESIA Country name: conventional long form: Republic of Indonesia conventional short form: Indonesia local long form: Republik Indonesia local short form: Indonesia former: Netherlands East Indies, Dutch East Indies etymology: the name is an 18th-century construct of two Greek words, "Indos" (India) and "nesoi" (islands), meaning "Indian islands" Government type: presidential republic Capital: name: Jakarta geographic coordinates: 6 10 S, 106 49 E time difference: UTC+7 (12 hours ahead of Washington, DC, during Standard Time) note: Indonesia has three time zones Administrative divisions: 31 provinces (provinsi-provinsi, singular - provinsi), 1 autonomous province*, 1 special region** (daerah-daerah istimewa, singular - daerah istimewa), and 1 national capital district*** (daerah khusus ibukota); Aceh*, Bali, Banten, Bengkulu, Gorontalo, Jakarta Raya***, Jambi, Jawa Barat (West Java), Jawa Tengah (Central Java), Jawa Timur (East Java), Kalimantan Barat (West Kalimantan), Kalimantan Selatan (South Kalimantan), Kalimantan Tengah (Central Kalimantan), Kalimantan Timur (East Kalimantan), Kalimantan Utara (North Kalimantan), Kepulauan Bangka Belitung (Bangka Belitung Islands), Kepulauan Riau (Riau Islands), Lampung, Maluku, Maluku Utara (North Maluku), Nusa Tenggara Barat (West Nusa Tenggara), Nusa Tenggara Timur (East Nusa Tenggara), Papua, Papua Barat (West Papua), Riau, Sulawesi Barat (West Sulawesi), Sulawesi Selatan (South Sulawesi), Sulawesi Tengah (Central Sulawesi), Sulawesi Tenggara (Southeast Sulawesi), Sulawesi Utara (North Sulawesi), Sumatera Barat (West Sumatra), Sumatera Selatan (South Sumatra), Sumatera Utara (North Sumatra), Yogyakarta** note: following the implementation of decentralization beginning on 1 January 2001, regencies and municipalities have become the key administrative units responsible for providing most government services Independence: 17 August 1945 (declared) National holiday: Independence Day, 17 August (1945) Constitution: drafted July to August 1945, effective 17 August 1945, abrogated by 1949 and 1950 constitutions, 1945 constitution restored 5 July 1959; amended several times, last in 2002; note - an amendment on "national character building and national consciousness awareness" was pending parliamentary review in early 2016 (2016) Legal system: civil law system based on the Roman-Dutch model and influenced by customary law International law organization participation: has not submitted an ICJ jurisdiction declaration; non-party state to the ICCt Citizenship: citizenship by birth: no citizenship by descent only: at least one parent must be a citizen of Indonesia dual citizenship recognized: no residency requirement for naturalization: 5 continuous years Suffrage: 17 years of age; universal and married persons regardless of age Executive branch: chief of state: President Joko WIDODO (since 20 October 2014); Vice President Jusuf KALLA (since 20 October 2014); note - the president is both chief of state and head of government head of government: President Joko WIDODO (since 20 October 2014); Vice President Jusuf KALLA (since 20 October 2014) cabinet: Cabinet appointed by the president elections/appointments: president and vice president directly elected by absolute majority popular vote for a 5-year term (eligible for a second term); election last held on 9 July 2014 (next to be held in 2019) election results: Joko WiDODO elected president; percent of vote - Joko WIDODO (PDI-P) 53.2%, PRABOWO Subianto (GERINDRA) 46.8% Legislative branch: description: bicameral People's Consultative Assembly or Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat consists of the Regional Representative Council or Dewan Perwakilan Daerah (132 seats; non-partisan members directly elected in multi-seat constituencies by proportional representation vote to serve 5-year terms) and the House of Representatives or Dewan Perwakilan Rakyat (560 seats; members directly elected in multi-seat constituencies by single non-transferable vote to serve 5-year terms) note: 29 other parties received less than the 2.5% vote threshold and failed to win so did not obtain any seats; because of election rules, the number of seats won does not always follow the percentage of votes received by parties elections: last held on 9 April 2014 (next to be held in 2019) election results: House of Representatives - percent of vote by party - PDI-P 19%, Golkar 15%, Gerindra 12%, PD 10%, PKB 9%, PAN 8%, PKS 7%, NasDem 7%, PPP 7%, Hanura 5%; seats by party - PDI-P 109, Golkar 91, Gerindra 73, PD 61, PAN 49, PKB 47, PKS 40, NasDem 35, PPP 39, Hanura 16 Judicial branch: highest court(s): Supreme Court or Mahkamah Agung (51 judges divided into 8 chambers); Constitutional Court or Mahkamah Konstitusi (consists of 9 judges) judge selection and term of office: Supreme Court judges nominated by Judicial Commission, appointed by president with concurrence of parliament; judges serve until retirement at age 65; Constitutional Court judges - 3 nominated by president, 3 by Supreme Court, and 3 by parliament; judges appointed by the president; judges serve until mandatory retirement at age 70 subordinate courts: High Courts of Appeal, district courts, religious courts Political parties and leaders: Democrat Party or PD [Susilo Bambang YUDHOYONO] Functional Groups Party or GOLKAR [Aburizal BAKRIE] Great Indonesia Movement Party or GERINDRA [PRABOWO Subianto Djojohadikusumo] Indonesia Democratic Party-Struggle or PDI-P [MEGAWATI Sukarnoputri] National Awakening Party or PKB [Muhaiman ISKANDAR] National Mandate Party or PAN [Hatta RAJASA] People's Conscience Party or HANURA [WIRANTO] Prosperous Justice Party or PKS [Anis MATTA] United Development Party or PPP [NA] Political pressure groups and leaders: Commission for the "Disappeared" and Victims of Violence or KontraS Indonesia Corruption Watch or ICW Indonesian Forum for the Environment or WALHI International organization participation: ADB, APEC, ARF, ASEAN, BIS, CD, CICA (observer), CP, D-8, EAS, EITI (compliant country), FAO, G-11, G-15, G-20, G-77, IAEA, IBRD, ICAO, ICC (national committees), ICRM, IDA, IDB, IFAD, IFC, IFRCS, IHO, ILO, IMF, IMO, IMSO, Interpol, IOC, IOM (observer), IPU, ISO, ITSO, ITU, ITUC (NGOs), MIGA, MINURSO, MINUSTAH, MONUSCO, NAM, OECD (Enhanced Engagement, OIC, OPCW, PIF (partner), UN, UNAMID, UNCTAD, UNESCO, UNIDO, UNIFIL, UNISFA, UNMIL, UNWTO, UPU, WCO, WFTU (NGOs), WHO, WIPO, WMO, WTO Diplomatic representation in the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Budi BOWOLEKSONO (since 21 May 2014) chancery: 2020 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20036 telephone: [1] (202) 775-5200 FAX: [1] (202) 775-5365 consulate(s) general: Chicago, Houston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco Diplomatic representation from the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Robert O. BLAKE, Jr. (since 30 January 2014) embassy: Jalan Medan Merdeka Selatan 3-5, Jakarta 10110 mailing address: Unit 8129, Box 1, FPO AP 96520 telephone: [62] (21) 3435-9000 FAX: [62] (21) 386-2259 consulate general: Surabaya consulate: Medan consular agency: Bali Flag description: two equal horizontal bands of red (top) and white; the colors derive from the banner of the Majapahit Empire of the 13th-15th centuries; red symbolizes courage, white represents purity note: similar to the flag of Monaco, which is shorter; also similar to the flag of Poland, which is white (top) and red National symbol(s): garuda (mythical bird); national colors: red, white National anthem: name: "Indonesia Raya" (Great Indonesia) lyrics/music: Wage Rudolf SOEPRATMAN note: adopted 1945 Economy :: INDONESIA Economy - overview: Indonesia, the largest economy in Southeast Asia, has seen a slowdown in growth since 2012, mostly due to the end of the commodities export boom.
During the global financial crisis, Indonesia outperformed its regional neighbors and joined China and India as the only G20 members posting growth.
Indonesia’s annual budget deficit is capped at 3% of GDP, and the Government of Indonesia lowered its debt-to-GDP ratio from a peak of 100% shortly after the Asian financial crisis in 1999 to less than 25% today.
Fitch and Moody's upgraded Indonesia's credit rating to investment grade in December 2011.
Indonesia still struggles with poverty and unemployment, inadequate infrastructure, corruption, a complex regulatory environment, and unequal resource distribution among its regions.
President Joko WIDODO - elected in July 2014 – seeks to develop Indonesia’s maritime resources and pursue other infrastructure development, including significantly increasing its electrical power generation capacity.
Indonesia, with the nine other ASEAN members, will continue to move towards participation in the ASEAN Economic Community, though full implementation of economic integration has not yet materialized.
Taxes and other revenues: 13.7% of GDP (2016 est.) country comparison to the world: 198 Budget surplus (+) or deficit (-): -2.4% of GDP (2016 est.) country comparison to the world: 80 Public debt: 29.4% of GDP (2016 est.) 28.4% of GDP (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 147 Fiscal year: calendar year Inflation rate (consumer prices): 3.8% (2016 est.) 6.4% (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 158 Central bank discount rate: 6.37% (31 December 2010) 6.46% (31 December 2009) note: this figure represents the 3-month SBI rate; the Bank of Indonesia has not employed the one-month SBI since September 2010 country comparison to the world: 61 Commercial bank prime lending rate: 12.2% (31 December 2016 est.) 12.66% (31 December 2015 est.) note: these figures represent the average annualized rate on working capital loans country comparison to the world: 71 Stock of narrow money: $86.1 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $76.5 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 41 Stock of broad money: $348.6 billion (31 December 2014 est.) $305.8 billion (31 December 2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 29 Stock of domestic credit: $403.6 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $354.4 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 28 Market value of publicly traded shares: $353.3 billion (31 December 2015 est.) $422.1 billion (31 December 2014 est.) $346.7 billion (31 December 2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 27 Current account balance: -$21.28 billion (2016 est.) -$17.65 billion (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 188 Exports: $136.7 billion (2016 est.) $148.4 billion (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 34 Exports - commodities: mineral fuels, animal or vegetable fats (includes palm oil), electrical machinery, rubber, machinery and mechanical appliance parts Exports - partners: Japan 12%, US 10.8%,
China 10%, Singapore 8.4%, India 7.8%, South Korea 5.1%, Malaysia 5.1% (2015) Imports: $121.5 billion (2016 est.) $135.1 billion (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 33 Imports - commodities: mineral fuels, boilers, machinery, and mechanical parts, electric machinery, iron and steel, foodstuffs Imports - partners: China 20.6%, Singapore 12.6%, Japan 9.3%, Malaysia 6%, South Korea 5.9%, Thailand 5.7%, US 5.3% (2015) Reserves of foreign exchange and gold: $106.4 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $105.9 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 23 Debt - external: $344.7 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $316 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 33 Stock of direct foreign investment - at home: $292.8 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $271.8 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 23 Stock of direct foreign investment - abroad: $42.82 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $33.32 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 48 Exchange rates: Indonesian rupiah (IDR) per US dollar - 13,483 (2016 est.) 13,389.4
Energy :: INDONESIA Electricity - production: 216 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 22 Electricity - consumption: 195 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 22 Electricity - exports: 0 kWh (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 163 Electricity - imports: 9 million kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 114 Electricity - installed generating capacity: 55 million kW (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 21 Electricity - from fossil fuels: 83.2% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 92 Electricity - from nuclear fuels: 0% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 137 Electricity - from hydroelectric plants: 11% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 113 Electricity - from other renewable sources: 5.8% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 55 Crude oil - production: 785,900 bbl/day (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 24 Crude oil - exports: 310,100 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 24 Crude oil - imports: 463,000 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 22 Crude oil - proved reserves: 3.693 billion bbl (1 January 2016 es) country comparison to the world: 29 Refined petroleum products - production: 926,300 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 24 Refined petroleum products - consumption: 1.688 million bbl/day (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 15 Refined petroleum products - exports: 81,950 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 50 Refined petroleum products - imports: 691,600 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 11 Natural gas - production: 73.45 billion cu m (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 12 Natural gas - consumption: 41.72 billion cu m (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 21 Natural gas - exports: 31.78 billion cu m (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 11 Natural gas - imports: 1.8 billion cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 54 Natural gas - proved reserves: 2.875 trillion cu m (1 January 2016 es) country comparison to the world: 13 Carbon dioxide emissions from consumption of energy: 442 million Mt (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 16 Communications :: INDONESIA Telephones - fixed lines: total subscriptions: 22.386 million subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 9 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 11 Telephones - mobile cellular: total: 338.426 million subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 132 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 4 Telephone system: general assessment: domestic service includes an interisland microwave system, an HF radio police net, and a domestic satellite communications system; international service good domestic: coverage provided by existing network has been expanded by use of over 200,000 telephone kiosks many located in remote areas; mobile-cellular subscribership growing rapidly international: country code - 62; landing point for both the SEA-ME-WE-3 and SEA-ME-WE-4 submarine cable networks that provide links throughout Asia, the Middle East, and Europe; satellite earth stations - 2 Intelsat (1 Indian Ocean and 1 Pacific Ocean) (2015) Broadcast media: mixture of about a dozen national TV networks - 2 public broadcasters, the remainder private broadcasters - each with multiple transmitters; more than 100 local TV stations; widespread use of satellite and cable TV systems; public radio broadcaster operat (2008) Internet country code: .id
Internet users: total: 56.257 million percent of population: 22% (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 14 Transportation :: INDONESIA National air transport system: number of registered air carriers: 29 inventory of registered aircraft operated by air carriers: 550 annual passenger traffic on registered air carriers: 88,685,767 annual freight traffic on registered air carriers: 747,473,207 mt-km (2015) Civil aircraft registration country code prefix: PK (2016) Airports: 673 (2013) country comparison to the world: 10 Airports - with paved runways: total: 186 over 3,047 m: 5 2,438 to 3,047 m: 21 1,524 to 2,437 m: 51 914 to 1,523 m: 72 under 914 m: 37 (2013) Airports - with unpaved runways: total: 487 1,524 to 2,437 m: 4 914 to 1,523 m: 23 under 914 m: 460 (2013) Heliports: 76 (2013) Pipelines: condensate 1,064 km; condensate/gas 150 km; gas 11,702 km; liquid petroleum gas 119 km; oil 7,767 km; oil/gas/water 77 km; refined products 728 km; unknown 53 km; water 44 km (2013) Railways: total: 8,159 km narrow gauge: 8,159 km 1.067-m gauge (565 km electrified) note: 4,816 km operational (2014) country comparison to the world: 27 Roadways: total: 496,607 km paved: 283,102 km unpaved: 213,505 km (2011) country comparison to the world: 14 Waterways: 21,579 km (2011) country comparison to the world: 7 Merchant marine: total: 1,340 by type: bulk carrier 105, cargo 618, chemical tanker 69, container 120, liquefied gas 28, passenger 49, passenger/cargo 77, petroleum tanker 244, refrigerated cargo 6, roll on/roll off 12, specialized tanker 1, vehicle carrier 11 foreign-owned: 69 (China 1, France 1, Greece 1, Japan 8, Jordan 1, Malaysia 1, Norway 3, Singapore 46, South Korea 2, Taiwan 1, UK 2, US 2) registered in other countries: 95 (Bahamas 2, Cambodia 2, China 2, Hong Kong 10, Liberia 4, Marshall Islands 1, Mongolia 2, Panama 10, Singapore 60, Tuvalu 1, unknown 1) (2010) country comparison to the world: 8 Ports and terminals: major seaport(s): Banjarmasin, Belawan, Kotabaru, Krueg Geukueh, Palembang, Panjang, Sungai Pakning, Tanjung Perak, Tanjung Priok container port(s) (TEUs): Tanjung Priok (5,617,562) LNG terminal(s) (export): Bontang, Tangguh LNG terminal(s) (import): Arun, Lampung, West Java Transportation - note: the International Maritime Bureau continues to report the territorial and offshore waters in the Strait of Malacca and South China Sea as high risk for piracy and armed robbery against ships; attacks have increased yearly since 2009; in 2014, 100 commercial vessels were attacked and 90 crew members taken hostage; hijacked vessels are often disguised and cargo diverted to ports in East Asia; crews have been murdered or cast adrift Military and Security :: INDONESIA Military branches: Indonesian Armed Forces (Tentara Nasional Indonesia, TNI): Army (TNI-Angkatan Darat (TNI-AD)), Navy (TNI-Angkatan Laut (TNI-AL); includes marines (Korps Marinir, KorMar), naval air arm), Air Force (TNI-Angkatan Udara (TNI-AU)), National Air Defense Command (Kommando Pertahanan Udara Nasional (Kohanudnas)) (2013) Military service age and obligation: 18-45 years of age for voluntary military service, with selective conscription authorized; 2-year service obligation, with reserve obligation to age 45 (officers); Indonesian citizens only (2012) Military expenditures: 0.78% of GDP (2012) 0.67% of GDP (2011) 0.78% of GDP (2010) country comparison to the world: 116 Transnational Issues :: INDONESIA Disputes - international: Indonesia has a stated foreign policy objective of establishing stable fixed land and maritime boundaries with all of its neighbors; three stretches of land borders with Timor-Leste have yet to be delimited, two of which are in the Oecussi exclave area, and no maritime or Exclusive Economic Zone (EEZ) boundaries have been established between the countries; many refugees from Timor-Leste who left in 2003 still reside in Indonesia and refuse repatriation; all borders between Indonesia and Australia have been agreed upon bilaterally, but a 1997 treaty that would settle the last of their maritime and EEZ boundary has yet to be ratified by Indonesia's legislature; Indonesian groups challenge Australia's claim to Ashmore Reef; Australia has closed parts of the Ashmore and Cartier Reserve to Indonesian traditional fishing and placed restrictions on certain catches; land and maritime negotiations with Malaysia are ongoing, and disputed areas include the controversial Tanjung Datu and Camar Wulan border area in Borneo and the maritime boundary in the Ambalat oil block in the Celebes Sea; Indonesia and Singapore continue to work on finalizing their 1973 maritime boundary agreement by defining unresolved areas north of Indonesia's Batam Island; Indonesian secessionists, squatters, and illegal migrants create repatriation problems for Papua New Guinea; maritime delimitation talks continue with Palau; EEZ negotiations with Vietnam are ongoing, and the two countries in Fall 2011 agreed to work together to reduce illegal fishing along their maritime boundary Refugees and internally displaced persons: IDPs: 6,100 (inter-communal, inter-faith, and separatist violence between 1998 and 2004 in Aceh and Papua; religious attacks and land conflicts in 2012 and 2013; most IDPs in Aceh, Maluku, East Nusa Tengarra) (2015) (2011) Illicit drugs: illicit producer of cannabis largely for domestic use; producer of methamphetamine and ecstasy; President WIDODO's war on drugs has led to an increase in death sentences and executions, particularly of foreign drug traffickers (2015) About CIA Today's CIA Leadership CIA Vision, Mission, Ethos & Challenges Headquarters Tour CIA Museum History of the CIA Publications Review Board Accessibility FAQs NoFEAR Act Site Policies Careers & Internships Career Opportunities Student Opportunities Application Process Life at CIA Benefits Diversity Military Transition Tools and Challenges FAQs Video Center Offices of CIA Intelligence & Analysis Clandestine Service Science & Technology Support to Mission Digital Innovation Mission Centers Human Resources Public Affairs General Counsel Equal Employment Opportunity Congressional Affairs Inspector General Military Affairs News & Information Blog Press Releases & Statements Speeches & Testimony CIA & the War on Terrorism Featured Story Archive Your News Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Kids' Zone K-5th Grade 6-12th Grade Parents & Teachers Games Related Links Privacy Statement Connect with CIA CIA Twitter CIA Facebook CIA YouTube CIA Flickr PhotoStream RSS Contact Us * Required plugins Adobe® Flash Player Adobe® Reader® MS Word Viewer Footer Navigation Privacy Copyright Site Policies USA.gov FOIA DNI.gov NoFEAR Act Inspector General Contact CIA Site Map back to top
Bandera Escudo Yakarta Localización de Yakarta en Indonesia Coordenadas 6°10′00″S 106°48′00″E ﻿ / ﻿ -6.1666666666667, 106.8 Coordenadas : 6°10′00″S 106°48′00″E ﻿ / ﻿ -6.1666666666667, 106.8 Entidad Capital  • País Indonesia  • Región especial Región especial de Yakarta Gobernador Basuki Tjahaja Purnama Superficie    • Total 662 km² Altitud    • Media 4 m s.
• Densidad 14 751,44 hab/km² Huso horario UTC+7 Código postal 10110–14540 y 19110–19130 Prefijo telefónico 021 Matrícula B Sitio web oficial [ editar datos en Wikidata ] Yakarta [ 1 ] (en indonesio , Jakarta ) es la capital y ciudad más poblada de Indonesia , situada en la isla de Java .
En Yakarta se encuentra la Bolsa de Indonesia , el Banco de Indonesia y el Monumen Nasional o Tugu Monas , la torre que simboliza la independencia de Indonesia.
Las oportunidades comerciales atrajeron a Indonesia, sobre todo, a inmigrantes chinos.
[ 5 ] El presidente de la fundación de Indonesia, Sukarno , preveía a Yakarta como una gran ciudad internacional.
[ 9 ] Suharto dimitió como presidente, pero Yakarta ha seguido siendo el punto focal del cambio democrático en Indonesia.
Localizada en la parte occidental de Indonesia, su época más lluviosa es enero con unas precipitaciones medias mensuales de 300 mm, mientras que su época más seca es agosto , con una media de 43 mm.
[ 12 ]   Parámetros climáticos promedio de Yakarta, Indonesia  Mes Ene.
(°C) 20.6 20.6 20.6 20.6 21.1 19.4 19.4 19.4 18.9 20.6 20.0 19.4 18.9 Precipitación total (mm) 299.7 299.7 210.8 147.3 132.1 96.5 63.5 43.2 66.0 111.8 142.2 203.2 1816 Días de lluvias (≥ 1 mm) 19 17 16 11 9 7 6 5 6 8 12 14 130 Horas de sol 189 182 239 255 260 255 282 295 288 279 231 220 2975 Humedad relativa (%) 85 85 83 82 82 81 78 76 75 77 81 82 80.6 Fuente nº1: Sistema de Clasificación Bioclimática Mundial [ 13 ] Fuente nº2: Danish Meteorological Institute [ 14 ] Administración [ editar ] Corte Suprema de Indonesia en Yakarta.
Oficialmente, Yakarta no es una ciudad sino una provincia con el estatus especial de capital de Indonesia .
Su administración es como la de cualquier otra ciudad indonesia.
Cultura [ editar ] Como capital política y económica de Indonesia , Yakarta atrae a muchos turistas extranjeros y también domésticos.
Museo Nacional de Indonesia.
Los betawi son la mayoría descendientes de grupos étnicos sudasiáticos atraídos a Batavia por necesidades laborales e incluye gente de varias partes de Indonesia.
La música tradicional suele encontrarse en hoteles de lujo, incluyendo el gamelan y el wayang (palabra indonesia y malaya para el teatro ).
El cristianismo llegó a Indonesia en el siglo XVII a través de misioneros holandeses y portugueses .
[ 29 ] En Indonesia la mayoría del transporte es proporcionado por bemos, que son minibuses de gestión privada.
Aéreo [ editar ] El único aeropuerto comercial de Yakarta es el Aeropuerto Internacional Soekarno-Hatta ; conjuntamente con el aeropuerto de Ngurah Rai de Bali, son los dos mayores aeropuertos de Indonesia.
Educación [ editar ] Edificio administrativo de la Universitas Indonesia .
Como capital y mayor ciudad del país, Yakarta atrae a una gran cantidad de estudiantes de toda Indonesia.
La ciudad es sede de numerosas universidades, de las que la más antigua dirigida por el gobierno es la Universidad de Indonesia (UI); de las muchas universidades privadas la más antigua es Universitas Nasional (UNAS).
Las siguientes universidades tienen sede en la ciudad: Universitas Indonesia Universitas Trisakti Universitas Bina Nusantara Universitas Kristen Indonesia Universitas Muhammadiyah Jakarta Universitas Katolik Indonesia Atma Jaya Universitas Jayabaya Universitas Gunadarma Universitas Pembangunan Nasional Lugares de interés [ editar ] Monumen Nasional (Monas) Taman Ismail Marzuki Ancol Taman Mini Indonesia Indah Zoológico Ragunan Kepulauan Seribu Ciudades hermanadas [ editar ] Artículo principal: Hermanamiento de ciudades Éstas son las ciudades hermanadas con Yakarta: Abu Dabi , Emiratos Árabes Unidos .
Indonesia .
Indonesian Destinies .
Indonesian Destinies (en inglés) .
↑ «INDONESIA - HALIM PERDANAKUS» .
Integration und Differenzierung in Jakarta , Campus Verlag: Frankfurt a.M. & New York, 2007, ISBN 978-3-593-38344-6 ↑ "Chinese diaspora: Indonesia" - BBC ↑ see Knörr, Jacqueline: Kreolität und postkoloniale Gesellschaft.
↑ Asiaviews - Asian News ↑ Situation Reports: Indonesia: Floods - Feb 2007, Indonesia: Floods in DKI Jakarta Province, updated 19 Feb 2007 Emergency Situation Report No. 6 ↑ «1996 Flood Archive» (en inglés) .
Commons Gobierno de Yakarta Yakarta alberga una sede del Instituto Cervantes Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Yakarta&oldid=96156199 » Categorías : Yakarta Provincias de Indonesia Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Páginas con referencias con parámetros obsoletos Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Wikipedia:Artículos con datos locales Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en alemán Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en banyumasan Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en minangkabau Wikipedia:Artículos con ficha sin actualizar Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Acèh Адыгабзэ Afrikaans Alemannisch አማርኛ Aragonés العربية مصرى অসমীয়া Asturianu Azərbaycanca تۆرکجه Башҡортса Žemaitėška Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български भोजपुरी Bamanankan বাংলা བོད་ཡིག Brezhoneg Bosanski Буряад Català Mìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄ Нохчийн Cebuano ᏣᎳᎩ کوردیی ناوەندی Čeština Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Dolnoserbski Ελληνικά English Esperanto Eesti Euskara Estremeñu فارسی Suomi Na Vosa Vakaviti Føroyskt Français Frysk Gaeilge Gàidhlig Galego ગુજરાતી 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî עברית हिन्दी Fiji Hindi Hrvatski Hornjoserbsce Kreyòl ayisyen Magyar Հայերեն Interlingua Bahasa Indonesia Interlingue Ilokano Ido Íslenska Italiano 日本語 Basa Jawa ქართული Qaraqalpaqsha Kongo Қазақша Kalaallisut ភាសាខ្មែរ ಕನ್ನಡ 한국어 Kurdî Kernowek Кыргызча Latina Ladino Lëtzebuergesch Limburgs Lumbaart لۊری شومالی Lietuvių Latviešu Basa Banyumasan Malagasy Олык марий Māori Baso Minangkabau Македонски മലയാളം Монгол मराठी Bahasa Melayu Mirandés မြန်မာဘာသာ مازِرونی Dorerin Naoero Nāhuatl नेपाली नेपाल भाषा Nederlands Norsk nynorsk Norsk bokmål Chi-Chewa Occitan ଓଡ଼ିଆ Ирон ਪੰਜਾਬੀ Papiamentu Polski Piemontèis پنجابی پښتو Português Runa Simi Română Tarandíne Русский Русиньскый Kinyarwanda संस्कृतम् Саха тыла Sicilianu Scots Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina ChiShona Shqip Српски / srpski Sranantongo Basa Sunda Svenska Kiswahili Ślůnski தமிழ் తెలుగు Tetun ไทย Türkmençe Tagalog Türkçe Татарча/tatarça Twi ئۇيغۇرچە / Uyghurche Українська اردو Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча Vèneto Vepsän kel’ Tiếng Việt Volapük Winaray 吴语 მარგალური ייִדיש Yorùbá Vahcuengh 中文 文言 Bân-lâm-gú 粵語 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 11 ene 2017 a las 17:52.
Indonesia From Wikitravel Earth : Asia : Southeast Asia : Indonesia Jump to: navigation , search Indonesia Contents 1 Understand 1.1 History 1.1.1
By bus 6.4.1 By point to point (scheduled) travel/shuttle 6.5 By car 6.6 By becak 6.7 By ojek 7 Talk 8 See 8.1 Natural attractions 8.2 Historical and cultural attractions 8.3 Itineraries 9 Do 9.1 Scuba diving 9.2 Spa treatments 9.3 Surfing 10 Buy 10.1 Changing money 10.2 ATMs 10.3 Credit cards 10.4 Costs 10.5 Shopping time 11 Eat 11.1 Rice 11.2 Noodles 11.3 Soups 11.4 Main dishes 11.5 Condiments 11.6 Desserts 11.7 Dietary restrictions 11.8 Eating by hand 11.9 Places to eat 12 Drink 12.1 Juices 12.2 Coffee and tea 12.3 Jamu 12.4 Traditional drinks 12.5 Alcohol 12.6 Smoke 13 Sleep 14 Learn 15 Work 16 Stay safe 16.1 Crime 16.2 Local Customs 16.3 Corruption 16.4 Civil strife and terrorism 16.5 Drugs 16.6 Natural disasters 16.7 Wildlife 16.8 LGBT travellers 17 Stay healthy 18 Respect 18.1 Dress 19 Contact 19.1 Telephone calls 19.2 Mobile phones 19.3 Internet 19.4 Telephone directories and information services 19.4.1 Other information services 19.5 Tourism Promotion Center 19.6 Emergency 20 Cope 20.1 Embassies, high commissions and consulates Location Flag Quick Facts Capital Jakarta Government Republic Currency Indonesian Rupiah (IDR) Area total: 1,904,569km² water: 93,000km² land: 1,811,569km² Population 245,452,739 (July 2006 est.)
Language Indonesian (official) and countless regional languages.
Time Zone GMT+7 through GMT+9 Indonesia straddles the Equator between the Indian Ocean and the Pacific Ocean.
Understand [ edit ] With 18,110 islands, 6,000 of them inhabited, Indonesia is the largest archipelago in the world.
Indonesia also has the largest Muslim population in the world.
Indonesia's population is on course to overtake the US and become the third largest before 2044.
Indonesia markets itself as Wonderful Indonesia , and the slogan is quite true, although not necessarily always in good ways.
Indonesia's tropical forests are the second-largest in the world after Brazil , and are being logged and cut down at the same alarming speed.
More updated information from http://www.tradingeconomics.com/indonesia/minimum-wages
According to the “Energy Access” Working Group Global Network on Energy for Sustainable Development, in 2001, 53.4% of the Indonesian population had access to electricity and they consumed 345kWh for each person in a year.
A very large percentage of the Indonesian population remain reliant upon wood for a cooking fuel.
10th century) The early, modern history of Indonesia begins in the period from 2500BC to 1500BC with a wave of light brown-skinned Austronesian immigrants, thought to have originated in Taiwan.
The British occupied Java from 1811 to 1816, and as a result Indonesians still drive on the left.In 1824, the Dutch and the British signed the Anglo-Dutch Treaty which divided the Malay world into Dutch and British spheres of influence, with the Dutch ceding Malacca to the British, and the British ceding all their colonies on Sumatra to the Dutch.
The line of division roughly corresponds to what is now the border between Malaysia and Indonesia, with a small segment becoming the border between Singapore and Indonesia.
In August 1945 in the post war vacuum following the Japanese surrender to allied forces the Japanese army and navy still controlled the majority of the Indonesian archipelago.
The Japanese agreed to return Indonesia to the Netherlands but continued to administer the region as the Dutch were unable to immediately return due to massive destabilisation from the effects of war in Europe.
Independence [ edit ] On 17 Aug 1945 Sukarno read the Proklamasi or Declaration of Independence and the Panitia Persiapan Kemerdekaan Indonesia (PPKI) moved to form an interim government.
The PPKI was then remade into the KNIP (Central Indonesian National Committee) and the KNIP became the temporary governing body.
Indonesia's founding fathers Sukarno ( Soekarno ) and Hatta declared the independence of the Republic of Indonesia .
Disputations, negotiations, partitioning and armed conflict prevailed between the newly independent Indonesia and the Netherlands.
After four years of fighting, the Dutch accepted defeat and on 27 December 1949 they formally transferred sovereignty to "Republik Indonesia Serikat" (Republic of United States of Indonesia).
In August 1950 a new constitution was proclaimed and the new Republic of Indonesia was formed from the original but now expanded Republic to include Sumatra Timur and East Indonesia/Negara Indonesia Timur.
Jakarta was made the capital of the Republic of Indonesia however the Netherlands and Indonesia remained in a theoretical constitutional union with Indonesia holding the status of a fully independent state.
In September 1950 Natsir and the Masyumi party led the first government of fully independent Indonesia.
For a time Indonesia used a provisional constitution modelled upon that of the US which also drew heavily on the 1948 United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
On 26 September 1950 Indonesia was admitted to the newly formed United Nations.
Later in 1955, still under this provisional constitution, Indonesia held its first free election.
Indonesia then entered the era of Guided Democracy with the Head of State assuming stronger presidential powers and also absorbing the previous role of Prime Minister.
From their initial declaration of independence Indonesia claimed West Papua as part of their nation, but the Dutch held onto it into the 1960s, and in the early sixties there was further armed conflict over that region.
After a UN-brokered peace deal, and a referendum, West Papua became part of Indonesia and was renamed as Irian Jaya , which apocryphally stands for Ikut (part of) Republic of Indonesia, Anti Netherlands .
Sukarno publicly claimed that his engagement with the Soviets was to assist in promoting the new Republic of Indonesia as a non-aligned post war state and to assist in rebuilding the nation following the Pacific war.
The US, confronted by an archipelago apparently in the grasp of emerging Indonesian nationalism sought to gain and maintain control over the important resources and shipping routes of the region.
They viewed Indonesia as potentially unstable and in a power vacuum left in the wake of the Japanese defeat in Indonesia.
The Dutch, their nation ravaged by the European war were unable to fully reclaim their colony and maintain control over the rising tide of Indonesian nationalism.
Funding, arms, logistical support and training were provided covertly by the US to breakaway factions, right wing elements, and radical Islamist groups including Darul Islam in an attempt to gain US and western control of Indonesian nationalism.
Former Director of the CIA William Colby later compared their own operations in Indonesia to the Vietnam Phoenix Program conducted in Vietnam.
The new order [ edit ] In 1965, in highly controversial and confusing circumstances involving a purported military coup, Sukarno, known for his support of Indonesian nationalism and independence was displaced by Suharto , an army general with strong anti communist views.
Suharto originally served in the Japanese occupation forces supported police force, later he entered the Peta (Defenders of the Fatherland) and went on to train in the Japanese led Indonesian armed forces of the occupation period.
The murdered officers were supportive of Sukarno and accommodating of the Presidents relationship with the PKI (Indonesian Communist Party).
The US intelligence agencies and the CIA were later found to be complicit in supplying names and addresses of the PKI members to the Indonesian army, Suharto operatives and CIA-funded Muslim death squads, who hunted the leftists down and murdered them.
Declassified US files have since shown that the US government was giving covert aid to Suharto and the death squads to conduct the widespread purges across Indonesia.
Under Suharto from 1966 to 1997, Indonesia enjoyed stability and economic growth, but most of the wealth was concentrated in the hands of a small, corrupt, elite and dissent was brutally crushed.
During the Asian economic crisis of 1997 the value of the Indonesian rupiah plummeted, halving the purchasing power of ordinary Indonesians.
Post Reformasi 1998 [ edit ] The former Portuguese colony of East Timor was annexed by Indonesia in 1975, but there was armed resistance to this.
After decades of Indonesian rule, on 30 August 1999, a provincial referendum for independence was overwhelmingly approved by the people of East Timor.
Indonesia grudgingly but still astonishingly accepted the result (although army-linked militias looted capital Dili in protest), and East Timor gained its independence in 2002.
The Indonesian government and the Free Aceh Movement ( Gerakan Aceh Merdeka , GAM) signed a peace deal the next year, with Aceh giving up its fight for independence in exchange for being granted special autonomy including the right to enact Syariah (Islamic) law, and to date the peace has held.
In 2004 Indonesia held the first election in which the people directly elected the president and vice president.
The president of Indonesia may currently serve a maximum of two consecutive five-year terms.
Currently Indonesia is one of the worlds largest democracies and is going through a period of difficult reforms and re-invention following the Reformasi and the institution of a democratically elected government.
The election process in Indonesia has a high participation rate and the nature and fabric of governance and administration is slowly changing across Indonesia.
People [ edit ] Despite 50 years of promoting Bhinneka Tunggal Ika ("Unity in Diversity") as the official state motto, the concept of an "Indonesian" remains artificial and the country's citizens divide themselves along a vast slew of ethnicities, clans, tribes and even castes.
For the most part, Indonesia's many peoples coexist happily, but ethnic conflicts do continue to fester in some remote areas of the country.
One particularly notable ethnic group found throughout the country are the Indonesian Chinese , known as Tionghoa or the somewhat derogatory Cina .
Indonesian Chinese wield a disproportionate influence in the economy, with one famous — if largely discredited — study of companies on the Jakarta Stock Exchange concluding that as many as 70% of its companies (and, by extension, the country) were controlled by ethnic Chinese.
They have thus been subject to persecution, with Chinese forcibly relocated into urban areas in the 1960s, forced to adopt Indonesian names and bans imposed on teaching Chinese and displaying Chinese characters.
While most of the Java Chinese are monolingual in Indonesian, many of the Chinese in Sumatra and Kalimantan continue to speak various Chinese dialects.
Culture [ edit ] Wayang kulit shadow puppetry, Solo There is no one unified Indonesian culture as such, but the Hindu culture of the former Majapahit empire does provide a framework for many of the cultural traditions found across the central islands of Sumatra , Java , Bali and Lombok .
Perhaps the most distinctively "Indonesian" arts are wayang kulit shadow puppetry, where intricately detailed cutouts act out scenes from the Mahabharata and Ramayana and other popular folk stories, and its accompaniment the gamelan orchestra, whose incredibly complex metallic rhythms are the obligatory backdrop to both religious ceremonies and traditional entertainment.
Indonesia is culturally intertwined with the Malays , with notable items such as batik cloth and kris daggers, and Arabic culture has also been adopted to some degree thanks to Islam.
Modern-day Indonesian popular culture is largely dominated by the largest ethnic group, the Javanese .
Anggun Cipta Sasmi is a talented Indonesian singer who became a famous singer in France.
Most Indonesian films are low budget B movies.
The Raid, Redemption (Indonesian: Serbuan maut), and also known as The Raid was released in 2011 at the Toronto International Film Festival and has international distribution.
This Indonesian action film had a production budget of £1.1 million It was written and directed by Gareth Evans ( UK ) and starred Iko Uwais.
Both films showcase the traditional Indonesian martial art Pencak Silat.
Indonesian literature has yet to make much headway on the world stage, with torch-bearer Pramoedya Ananta Toer' s works long banned in his own homeland, but the post-Suharto era has seen a small boom with Ayu Utami' s Saman breaking both taboos and sales records.
Religion [ edit ] 80-88% of the population of Indonesia state their religion as being Islam (Sunni) making it numerically by far the largest religion in the nation and Indonesia the largest Muslim-majority country in the world.
Nevertheless, Indonesia officially remains a secular state.
Although religious orthodoxies do vary across the Indonesia archipelago the strict observance of Islamic dress codes apparent in some countries is generally absent.
There are also pockets of animism throughout the country, and many strict Muslims decry the casual Indonesian incorporation of animistic rites into the practices of notionally Islamic believers.
Indonesian national law decrees that all citizens of the Republic must declare their religion and that the declared religion must be one of the five that are officially sanctioned by the state, but after reformation Confucianism is now recognized (formerly it was lumped in with Buddhism, Protestantism and Roman Catholicism), alas not for Ahmadiyya Islam and Shia Islam.
Multicultural Indonesia celebrates a vast range of religious holidays and festivals, but many are limited to small areas (eg, the Hindu festivals of Bali ).
All government offices (including embassies) and many businesses close for a week or even two, and travelling around Indonesia is best avoided if at all possible.
Indonesia is a warm place.
Time [ edit ] Since the country is very large, Indonesia is divided into three time zones: GMT +7 : Western Indonesian Time (WIB, Waktu Indonesia Barat ) Sumatra , Java , west/central Kalimantan GMT +8 : Central Indonesian Time (WITA, Waktu Indonesia Tengah ) Bali , south/east Kalimantan , Sulawesi , Nusa Tenggara GMT +9 : Eastern Indonesian Time (WIT, Waktu Indonesia Timur ) Maluku , Papua Regions [ edit ] The nation of Indonesia is almost unimaginably vast: More than 17,000 islands providing 108,000 kilometres of beaches.
Laying on the western rim of the Ring of Fire Indonesia has more than 400 volcanoes, of which 130 are considered active, as well as many undersea volcanoes.
The island of New Guinea (on which the Indonesian province of Papua is located) is the second largest island in the world.
Regions of Indonesia Sumatra (incl.
Kalimantan (Borneo) The vast majority of this, the world's third largest island, is covered by the Indonesian province.
Bali By far the most popular visitor destination in Indonesia, Bali's blend of unique culture, legendary beaches, spectacular highland regions and unique underwater life make it a perennial favourite amongst global travellers.
Tanjung Pandan — Pangkal Pinang — Banten — Jakarta — the perennially congested capital which is also the largest city of the country Bandung — university town in the cooler highlands of Java Yogyakarta — Java 's cultural hub and the access point to the mighty temples of Prambanan and Borobudur Surabaya — Malang — Banjarmasin — the largest town on with a rich architectural heritage Manado — Christian city at the northeastern tip of Sulawesi , famous for diving Medan — the main city of Sumatra Semarang — the capital of Central Java, with a blend of Javanese, Chinese, and Dutch influences Makassar (Ujung Pandang) — the gateway to Sulawesi Jayapura — the capital of Papua and a gateway to the highlands Kalimantan -, Kalimantan Barat:‘Gawai Naik Dango’ Other destinations [ edit ] ... there be dragons This is a limited selection of nine of Indonesia's top sights outside of its cities: Baliem Valley - superb trekking into the lands of the Lani, Dani and Yali tribes in remote Papua Borobudur - one of the largest Buddhist temples in the world located in Central Java province; often combined with a visit to the equally impressive Hindu ruins at nearby Prambanan Bromo-Tengger-Semeru National Park - some of the scariest volcanic scenery on the planet and one of the best locations in the world to see sunrise Bunaken - one of the best scuba diving destinations in Indonesia, if not the world Kerinci Seblat National Park - tigers, elephants, monstrous rafflesia flowers and so much more in this huge expanse of forest in Sumatra Komodo National Park - home of the Komodo dragon and a hugely important marine ecosystem Lake Toba - the largest volcanic lake in the world Lombok - popular island to east of Bali with the tiny laid-back Gili Islands , mighty Mount Rinjani and much more Tana Toraja - highland area of Southern Sulawesi famed for extraordinary funeral rites Get in [ edit ] ' Immigration on board' On some Garuda Indonesia flights, immigration entry procedures are conducted during the flight, which saves passengers from the need to queue to clear passport control upon arrival at the airport.
More information is available on the Garuda Indonesia website .
'Immigration on board' is currently available on the following Garuda Indonesia international flights: Pudong International Airport (PVG), Shanghai – Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK), Jakarta Incheon International Airport (ICN) Seoul – Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK), Jakarta Sydney International Airport (SYD), Sydney – Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK), Jakarta Sydney International Airport (SYD), Sydney – Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS), Denpasar Narita International Airport (NRT), Tokyo – Soekarno-Hatta International Airport (CGK), Jakarta Narita International Airport (NRT), Tokyo – Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS), Denpasar Kansai International Airport (KIX), Osaka - Ngurah Rai International Airport (DPS), Denpasar Dealing with Imigrasi serves as a useful introduction to the Byzantine complexity of Indonesia's bureaucracy.
There are three ways of entering Indonesia: Visa waiver (non-extendable) .
Obtain a visa at an Indonesian embassy before arrival.
One peculiarity to note is that visa-free and visa-on-arrival visitors must enter Indonesia via specific ports of entry .
Also note that the days a visa holder is within Indonesia are counted with the day of entry being day 1, not day 0.
This means that by 24:00 (twelve midnight) on the night of the day of arrival you have been in Indonesia for one day.
If you enter at 23:59 (11:59pm) then 2 minutes later you have been in Indonesia for 2 days.
Customs in Indonesia is usually quite laid-back.
Indonesia imposes the death penalty on those caught bringing in drugs.
Indonesia Immigration maintains its own website .
The Indonesian Embassy in Singapore (KBRI Singapore) also has some good information on Customs and Immigration requirements.
Visa [ edit ] Visa waiver [ edit ] Indonesia allows visa free entry to the citizens of 169 countries as of July 2016.
The nationals of these countries who are going on holiday, attending conventions or engaging in similar such activities are allowed to stay in Indonesia of up to 30 days without a visa.
Those visitors eligible under the visa waiver program have a visa issued at the Indonesian border checkpoints with that issuance subject to the discretion of the visa officer.
Visa on arrival [ edit ] All visitors entering Indonesia by way of visa-on-arrival must have a return to point of origin, or onward destination ticket on their person when passing through immigration into the country (E-tickets are acceptable), or be able to present sufficient evidence of the means to obtain one to an Immigration official.
Transit visas are available from Indonesian embassies and consulates and may be provided at the border under some (limited) circumstances.
Often airlines carrying passengers to Indonesia may decline boarding for a departure to an Indonesian entry point if this cannot be provided.
Visas on arrival can be issued to nationals of Algeria , Argentina , Australia , Austria , Argentina , Bahrain , Belgium , Brazil , Bulgaria , Cambodia , Canada , China , Cyprus , Czech Republic , Cyprus , Denmark , Egypt , Estonia , Fiji , Finland , France , Germany , Greece , Hungary , Iceland , India , Iran , Ireland , Italy , Japan , Kuwait , Laos , Latvia , Libya , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Maldives , Malta , Mexico , Monaco , Netherlands , New Zealand , Norway , Oman , Panama , Poland , Portugal , Qatar , Romania , Russia , Saudi Arabia , Slovakia , Slovenia , South Africa , South Korea , Spain , Surinam , Sweden , Switzerland , Taiwan , East Timor ( Timor-Leste ), Tunisia , Turkey , United Arab Emirates , United Kingdom , and USA for a maximum of 30 days, generally extendable once only for another 30 days at a local immigration office inside Indonesia.
Obtaining a visa from an Indonesian embassy or consulate before travelling is also possible and will allow you to go through the immigration channel for visa holders rather than the sometimes congested VOA and Visa waiver channels at the immigration check-points.
Land crossing: the Malaysia-Indonesia border crossing at Entikong (West Kalimantan-Sarawak). Visa on arrival fees: A visa on arrival is issued for a stay of up to 30 days, the cost is USD35, but can be paid in all major currencies.
This can be done in an immigration office inside Indonesia for an officially published fee of IDR250,000, it is recommended to do this ten days prior the visa expiration date.
This letter must be in Bahasa and signed by an Indonesian national along with a photocopy of their Kita (National Indonesian ID card) This person will also be your Indonesian "sponsor" on your application form, they will have to give their address email and phone number.
Plane or boat ticket out of Indonesia within the 30 days of the extension period.
Visa before arrival [ edit ] Nationals of countries not listed above are required to apply for visas through the nearest Indonesian Embassy or consulate.
Normally, Indonesian embassies and consulates stipulate 3-4 clear working days for processing; however, applications may take at least one week to be processed.
Those affected must have a sponsor in Indonesia, either personal or company.
Starting Sep 2012, the airport tax in Indonesia will to be included in ticket price for Garuda airlines flights.
Other airlines may decide to follow the lead of Garuda but it should be understood this is an initiative of the individual airlines rather than a broadly mandated change of policy by either the individual airport operators or the Indonesian department of transport.
Update : Since 1 October 2014 Garuda Indonesia has officially separated airport tax in the price of its tickets.
Update  : Effective from 1 March 2015, Passenger Service Charge already included on ticket on All airlines in Indonesia.
There are however many cities which have air links with Singapore and Malaysia which can be interesting and convenient entry points into Indonesia.
Garuda Indonesia [2] , the Indonesian 'flag' airline operates to Asian destinations including China , Taiwan , Japan and Korea , Australian cities, Middle Eastern destinations such Saudi Arabia and Dubai in the UAE and has recommenced services to Amsterdam in the Netherlands .
The airline also has extensive code sharing agreements and this assists in providing quite good flight frequencies from airports in countries nearby to Indonesia.
Garuda Indonesia has outlined various plans to commence flights to major world hubs such as London , Frankfurt , Paris , Rome , Moscow and Los Angeles using the new Boeing 777 in 2015.
Travel to Indonesia from America costs around USD1,000.
The cost of flying to Indonesia from within the Southeast Asia and Pacific region has gone down a lot with the advent of low cost carriers or LCC.
A similar and important development has been the offering of reasonably priced one-way fares departing Indonesia and the development of online booking and payment systems.
The acceptance of non-Indonesian issued credit cards by the online booking systems of Garuda and Lion air only occurred as recently as the beginning of 2011.
Among the LCC carriers providing services to Indonesia are AirAsia , which has excellent coverage of Indonesia from its hubs in Kuala Lumpur and Jakarta ( Indonesia Air Asia ), as well as Singaporean competitors Tiger Airways/Tiger Mandala , Jetstar Asia/Valuair and SilkAir .
Indonesian carrier LionAir [3] provides flights international flights between Kuala Lumpur-Jakarta and Kuala Lumpur-Surabaya, Penang and Medan and between Hi Chi Minh City, Singapore and Jakarta, and is often the cheapest option (cheaper than AirAsia and others).
Australia and New Zealand are also serviced by LCC airlines including Jetstar [4] sharing the Jetstar Asia network, Virgin Australia [5] , Indonesia AIr Asia [6] .
The steady replacement of their previously rather clunky old fleet of very well used Boeing and MD aircraft is revitalising Indonesia's 2nd largest carrier.
The only Medium service airline in Indonesia, Sriwijaya Air [7] also had some limited regional routes from Penang to Medan and Dili to Denpasar.
By boat [ edit ] Ferries connect Indonesia with Singapore and Malaysia .
Onward boat connections to Jakarta and other Indonesian islands are available from these ports.
From Papua New Guinea: The only recognized crossing into Indonesia is at Wutung , between Vanimo in Sandaun Province in Papua New Guinea , and Jayapura , the capital of Indonesian Papua .
It's not guaranteed that you will be able to enter Indonesia through these crossings and non-Indonesians are required to apply for visas at the nearest Indonesian Embassy or Consulate.
The only rapid means of long-distance travel within Indonesia is the plane.
The largest domestic carriers are state-owned Garuda [8] and private competitor Lion Air [9] , and Sriwijaya Air [10] but in recent years a host of low-cost competitors have sprung up, including Indonesia Air Asia [11] , Garuda's low-cost subsidiary Citilink [12] and many more.
Routes for less popular destinations and routes (particularly in eastern Indonesia) are served by AirFast [13] , Sriwijaya Air [14] and more, often flying smaller planes.
Still, compared to the carnage on Indonesia's roads, a flight even on an aging turboprop is probably far safer — and far more comfortable — than travelling the same distance by bus.
Indonesia AirAsia, however, is not as cheap (except their regular promotional prices) on Indonesian domestic flights as their local competitors, and Garuda is usually quite expensive.
Fortunately after new regulation is introduced, Aircraft incidents and accidents rate in Indonesia seems to be decreasing and almost no any major fatal incident involving large planes since 2008.
Of late there has been considerable improvement in the safety standards and recently Garuda Indonesia has been allowed to fly into Europe.
Unfortunately if you're looking at its reliability, Lion Air had a very poor On Time Performance compared with other airlines in Indonesia.
With entry of low cost carriers like Indonesia Air Asia the cost of travel has further reduced.
By boat [ edit ] PELNI route map Indonesia is all islands and little infrastructure so akin to the Philippines , ferries have long been the most popular means of inter-island travel.
Unlike Philippines, Indonesia rarely suffers from typhoons, but does have some intense storms or dry spells.
While short runs may be run by various companies, the largest company (state run) is PELNI , whose giant ferries visit practically every inhabited island in Indonesia on lengthy journeys that can take two weeks from beginning to end.
In general Indonesians do not take to travel well, seasickness especially among children may occur, journey times can stretch well beyond the schedule.
Oddly it may be very hot and stuffy on board or on deck, but as Indonesia is vast, strong winds with a bit of a wind chill sakit angin are also possible depending on exact routes and weather conditions.
No sleeping car service is provided in Indonesia, and the best accommodation provided is air-conditioned, adjustable reclining seats in the Argo and other eksekutif class trains.
Indonesian bus companies offer intercity and interprovince routes.
No more bus bandits in Indonesia.
The agency mostly located inside or outside bus stations on many cities on Indonesia.
In the future, Indonesian Ministry of Transportation used Online Tickets to simplify reservation.
This portal serve bus tickets reservation to many routes in Indonesia across Java, Sumatra, Bali, Kalimantan, and Nusa Tenggara.
Passengers can book tickets with many bus operators choice like Pahala Kencana, Kramat Djati, Haryanto, Gunung Harta etc By point to point (scheduled) travel/shuttle [ edit ] Scheduled travel is the 'latest/newest' moda of Indonesian transportation, but recently is rapidly growing inline with the new toll roads and better highways.
Every major city in Indonesia has travel agencies including Bali .
By car [ edit ] Traffic drives on the left in Indonesia.
Indonesian driving habits are generally only slightly less atrocious than India or Vietnam.
Renting a car in Indonesia is cheap compared to renting in many other countries, and fuel costs remain relatively low, despite recent fuel price increases: the fixed price for gasoline ( premium ) is IDR8,500/L and for diesel ( solar ) is IDR7,500/L.
Consider renting a car with a driver, the additional cost is quite low and having a traffic accident whilst driving in Indonesia will certainly spoil your trip.
Road conditions and road maintenance in Indonesia is poor, especially so outside the major cities.
Talk [ edit ] The sole official language is Indonesian , known in that language as Bahasa Indonesia .
The Indonesian language has adopted a number of loan words from Arabic, Dutch, and Sanskrit.
The main differences are in the loan words: Malay was more influenced by the English language, while Indonesian was more influenced by the Dutch language.
Written phonetically with the Latin alphabet and with a fairly logical grammar, Indonesian is generally regarded as one of the easier languages to learn, and A.M. Almatsier's The Easy Way to Master the Indonesian Language , a 200 page small paperback, is an excellent starting point.
It can be found in any Indonesian bookstore for less than USD3.
That said, it is not by all means saying that Indonesian (and Malay) language is all that easy and to be underestimated; it has its own complexities (ie, verbs), but it is correct to say and presume that difficulties in learning Indonesian may not be comparable to those in, say, Russian or Mandarin.
Spoken Indonesian, however, is a bit different story.
An Indonesian dialect in one area will most likely be to a certain extent influenced by the respective local language.
Sole proficiency in (formal) Indonesian grammar (and vocabulary) does not guarantee you to easily blend in deep conversation with Indonesian.
Indonesians tend to speak a high level of slang and colloquial language daily.
One largest form of this 'language', the Jakarta dialect, is mostly spoken in and around Jakarta but widely understood (and sometimes also used) elsewhere in Indonesia.
While Indonesian is the lingua franca throughout the archipelago, there are thousands of local languages as well, and if you really get off the beaten track, you may have to learn them as well.
And unlike in Chinese in Malaysia or Singapore, large part of Chinese Indonesians speak fluent Indonesian and converse regularly in Indonesian even among themselves - in fact a lot of Chinese Indonesians do not speak any Chinese dialect of all, and learn it as a foreign language (An increasingly number of predominantly-Chinese private schools teach Chinese (in this case Mandarin), either as compulsory or optional subject).
The same thing can also be said to most Indonesian citizens of Arab, Indian, or Japanese ancestry among others.
Most educated seniors (70 years/older) in Indonesia understand Dutch , but realistically speaking English is far more useful these days.
All schedules are in Waktu Indonesia Barat (WIB), which is 7h ahead of Greenwich Mean Time and includes the capital city of Jakarta.
See [ edit ] [ add listing ] Natural attractions [ edit ] The crater lake of Mount Rinjani in Lombok Indonesia is home to no less than 167 active volcanoes , far more than any other country.
A list of 226 Indonesian mountains has recently been compiled.
An endemic Sumatran Orangutan in the Gunung Leuser National Park Indonesia has some of the largest remaining tracts of tropical forest anywhere in the world, and these support an incredibly diverse wildlife from Orangutans and other primates to critically endangered Javan Rhinoceros and Tigers, and an extraordinarily wide range of bird species.
Close to the very eastern limit of Indonesia, the remote Lorentz National Park in Papua has a permanent glacier, and is the single largest national park anywhere in Southeast Asia.
Pura Ulun Danau Bratan in Bali Also in Central Java, the Dieng Plateau is home to the oldest extant temples in Indonesia, predating Borobudur by some 100 years, and just north of Solo , the early man archaeological excavation at Sangiran is a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Itineraries [ edit ] Pontianak to Kuching Do [ edit ] [ add listing ] Scuba diving [ edit ] Indonesia has some of the best scuba diving in the world , and this is a major draw for tourists with places like Bunaken in Northern Sulawesi , Wakatobi in South East Sulawesi and Raja Ampat in Papua known worldwide.
Bali and the Gili Islands are Indonesia 's most important teaching centres.
Surfing [ edit ] Indonesia is a premier destination for travelling surfers.
All Indonesia's surf beaches are described in the beautifully photographed "Indo Surf and Lingo" surfing guidebook [19] together with comprehensive listings of the best surf camps and surf charter yachts.
Buy [ edit ] [ add listing ] Indonesia's currency is the Rupiah ( IDR ), abbreviated Rp .
If you pay any bill in Indonesia with a credit card it will be charged to your account in Rupiah, regardless of the currency you were quoted.
ah-teh-em ) on the international Plus/Cirrus networks are common in all major Indonesian cities and tourist destinations, but may be harder to come by in the backblocks.
Credit cards [ edit ] Be careful when using credit cards , as cloning and fraud are a major problem in Indonesia.
Costs [ edit ] Living in Indonesia is cheap, as long as you're willing to live like an Indonesian.
Shopping time [ edit ] While most commercial places close on Sunday in old Europe, it does not apply in Indonesia, which has a positively American attitude to Sundays as in Sundays are for Shopping.
So if you plan to go to Indonesian malls and shopping centers, weekdays (Monday to Friday) is the best time to visit.
Saturdays and Sundays (as well as national holidays) are favorite days for Indonesians to go shopping and sightseeing, and as a result, most commercial points open 7 days a week.
The notably exceptions are Idul-Fitri ( Lebaran , end of Ramadan celebration), which most commercials close or open late up to two or three days afterwards (though most likely less applied in non-Muslim majority areas like North Sulawesi and Bali ), and Indonesian independence day, the 17th of August.
To the lesser extent, the same goes with Christmas, particularly in Christian-majority population areas (North Sulawesi and parts of North Sumatera) and in Chinese-run majority commercials (like Glodok or Mangga Dua in Jakarta), as a large number of Indonesian Chinese living in major cities are Christian.
Eat [ edit ] [ add listing ] Spiced nasi kuning rice shaped into the ceremonial tumpeng cone and topped with beef floss abon With 17,000 islands to choose from, Indonesian food is an umbrella term covering a vast variety of regional cuisines found across the nation, but if used without further qualifiers the term tends to mean the food originally from the central and eastern parts of the main island Java .
Both the Christian Batak peoples and the Hindu Balinese are great fans of pork, while the Minahasa of North Sulawesi are well known for eating almost everything, in particular dog and fruit bat, and a very liberal usage of fiery chillies even by Indonesian standards.
Tamed Muslim-friendly versions of all three can be found in the malls and food courts of many Indonesian cities, but it's worth it to seek out the real thing especially if you happen to be in these regions.
Due to the majority of Indonesians being Muslim, most of its dishes are considered as Halal (not containing any pork substances), though a few exceptions do exist, such as Balinese babi guling(roast pig).
A pack at the supermarket costs under Rp 1000 and some stalls will boil or fry them up for you for as little as 2000 Rp. bakmi , thin egg noodles usually served boiled with a topping of your choice (chicken, mushroom, etc) kuetiaw , flat rice noodles most commonly fried up with soy sauce Soups [ edit ] Beef sate Soups ( soto ) and watery curries are also common: bakso / baso ("BAH-so"), meatballs and noodles in chicken broth rawon , spicy beef soup, a speciality of East Java sayur asam vegetables in a sour soup of tamarind sayur lodeh , vegetables in a soup of coconut milk and fish soto ayam , chicken soup Indonesian style with chicken shreds, vermicelli, and chicken broth and various local ingredients Main dishes [ edit ] Gudeg , jackfruit stew served with an egg Chinese-style tofu and seafood sapo claypot Popular main dishes include: ayam bakar , grilled chicken ayam goreng , deep-fried chicken cap cay , Chinese-style stir-fried vegetables gado-gado , blanched vegetables with peanut sauce gudeg , jackfruit stew from Yogyakarta .
ikan bakar , grilled fish karedok , similar to gado-gado, but the vegetables are finely chopped and mostly raw perkedel , deep-fried patties of potato and meat or vegetables (adopted from the Dutch frikadel ) sate (satay), grilled chicken and lamb sapo , Chinese-style claypot stew Another common popular dish in Indonesia (mainly in larger cities) is the so-called gorengan .
Condiments [ edit ] Indonesian chillies: tiny but brutally hot cabe rawit (left) and comparatively mild lombok (right) Chillies ( cabe or lombok ) are made into a vast variety of sauces and dips known as sambal .
They can be made from almost any grain, fruit, vegetable or seed imaginable, including many never seen outside Indonesia, but perhaps the most common are the light pink keropok udang , made with dried shrimp, and the slightly bitter light yellow emping , made from the nuts of the melinjo fruit.
Desserts [ edit ] Mangos ( mangga ) Snakefruit ( salak ) Dessert in the Western sense is not common in Indonesia, but there are plenty of snacks to tickle your sweet tooth.
Popular options include mango ( mangga ), papaya ( papaya ), banana ( pisang ), starfruit ( belimbing ) and guava ( jambu ), but more exotic options you're unlikely to see outside Indonesia include the scaly-skinned crisp snakefruit ( salak ) and the alien-looking local passionfruit ( markisa ).
Probably the most infamous Indonesian fruit, though, is the durian .
Named after the Indonesian word for thorn , it resembles an armor-plated coconut the size of a human head, and it has a powerful odor often likened to rotting garbage.
Dietary restrictions [ edit ] The vast majority of Indonesian restaurants serve only halal food and are thus safe for Muslim travellers.
The main exception is ethnic eateries catering to Indonesia's non-Muslim minorities, especially those serving Batak, Manadonese (Minahasan), Balinese, and Chinese cuisine, so enquire if unsure.
That being said, the different religions are not uniformly distributed throughout Indonesia, so while it is a somewhat safe assumption that any food you get off the street in Jakarta or Palembang will be halal , this may not be so in areas dominated by other religions such as Bali or Jayapura.
Strict vegetarians will have a tough time in Indonesia, as the concept is poorly understood and avoiding fish and shrimp-based condiments is a challenge.
Eating by hand [ edit ] In Indonesia eating with your hand (instead of utensils like forks and spoons) is very common.
Places to eat [ edit ] A kaki lima serving up bakso meatball soup in Kuta , Bali "Food Street" at the Nagoya Hill mall in Nagoya , Batam Eating on the cheap in Indonesia is cheap indeed, and a complete streetside meal can be had for under US$1 (Rp 10,000).
These can be found by the side of the road in any Indonesian city, town or village, usually offering up simple fare like fried rice, noodles and porridge.
Another easy mid-range option in larger cities is to look out for food courts and Indonesian restaurants in shopping malls, which combine air-con with hygienic if rather predictable food.
In addition to the usual Western suspects, major local chains include EsTeler 77 [20] , best known for its iced fruit desserts ( es teler ) but also selling bakso (meatball), nasi goreng (fried rice) and other Indonesian staples, and Hoka Hoka Bento , for localized Japanese fare.
Drink [ edit ] [ add listing ] Avocado juice ( jus alpokat ) with a squirt of chocolate syrup and condensed milk Tap water is generally not potable in Indonesia.
Quite a few Indonesians believe that cold drinks are unhealthy, so specify dingin when ordering if you prefer your water, bottled tea or beer cold, rather than at room temperature.
Juices [ edit ] Fruit juices — jus for plain juice or es if served with ice — are popular with Indonesians and visitors alike, although the hygiene of the water used to make them can be dubious.
Coffee and tea [ edit ] Tehbotol Sosro, Indonesia's answer to Coca-Cola Indonesians drink both coffee ( kopi ) and tea ( teh ), at least as long as they have had vast quantities of sugar added in.
Last and least, no travel guide would be complete without mentioning the infamous kopi luwak , coffee made from beans which have been eaten, partially digested and excreted by the palm civet (luwak), but even in Indonesia this is an exotic delicacy costing upwards of Rp.200,000 (US$20) for a small pot of brew.
Alcohol [ edit ] Islam is the religion of the majority of Indonesians, but alcohol is widely available in most areas, especially in upscale restaurants and bars.
Indonesia's most popular tipple is Bintang [21] beer ( bir ), a standard-issue lager available more or less everywhere, although the locals like theirs lukewarm.
Smoke [ edit ] Many Indonesians are heavy smokers, and the concepts of "no smoking" and "second-hand smoke" have yet to make much headway in most of the country.
You should never have to pay more than the list says, but discounts are often negotiable, especially in the off season, on weekdays, longer stays, etc. Learn [ edit ] The Darmasiswa Program is a scholarship program funded by the government of Indonesia and open to all foreign students from countries with which Indonesia has friendly relations to study Indonesian languages, arts, music and crafts.
Work [ edit ] In Indonesia, salaries vary from US$70 to more than US$10,000/month for the local people.
The sales clerks that you see at luxurious shopping malls like Plaza Indonesia earns between US$210-240.
This is very small even for the Indonesians.
Stay safe [ edit ] Mount Semeru , a popular tourist attraction in East Java , erupting in 2004 Indonesia has been and continues to be wracked by every pestilence known to man: earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanoes, terrorism, civil strife, plane crashes, corruption and crime make the headlines on a depressingly regular basis.
However, it is important to retain a sense of proportion and remember Indonesia's vast size : a tsunami in Aceh will not cause the slightest ripple on the beaches of Bali , and street battles in troubled Central Sulawesi are irrelevant in the jungles of Papua .
Robbery, theft and pickpocketing are common in Indonesia, particularly in markets, public transport and pedestrian overpasses.
The overall level of credit card fraud is still comparably high, although the Indonesian government is fighting hard against it.
Moreover, Indonesia does not have effective regulations in place to protect your personal data.
Local Customs [ edit ] Indonesian folklore and culture is based on animism and despite the country being largely islamic, there are still a substantial amount of citizens practising black arts and witchcraft.
Corruption [ edit ] Officials may ask for bribes, tips or "gifts" — the Indonesian terms are uang kopi or uang rokok , literally "coffee money" and "cigarette money" — to supplement their meager salaries; pretending you do not understand may work.
Civil strife and terrorism [ edit ] Indonesia has a number of provinces where separatist movements have resorted to armed struggles, notably Aceh and Papua .
Elections in Indonesia frequently involve rowdy demonstrations that had on occasion spiralled into violence, and the Indonesian military have also been known to employ violent measures to control or disperse protesting crowds.
While the great majority of civil strife in Indonesia is a strictly local affair, terrorist bombings targeting Western interests had taken place in Bali and Jakarta , most notably the 2002 bombing in Kuta that killed 202 people, including 161 tourists.
There is no need to be paranoid because this terrorism attack is very rare and Indonesia is still a safe country to visit though you need to be aware of pickpockets.
Drugs [ edit ] WARNING: Indonesia treats drug offences severely.
Ecstasy, cocaine and crystal methamphetimine are widely available and dealt with equally harshly by the Indonesian police.
Magic mushrooms are advertised openly in parts of Bali and Lombok and although the Indonesian legal position on these is unclear, purchase and consumption is unwise.
It's highly advisable to steer well clear, as entrapment and drug busts are common and you really, really don't want to get involved with the Indonesian justice system; thanks to the anti-corruption drive, you cannot count on being able to bribe your way out anymore and escape a harsh or even far worse sentence.
Natural disasters [ edit ] Indonesia is a chain of highly volcanic islands sprinkled along the Ring of Fire, so earthquakes occur constantly and tsunamis and volcano eruptions are all too common.
Wildlife [ edit ] Crocodiles and poisonous snakes are present throughout most of Indonesia, although they are uncommon in most areas.
Cosmopolitan Jakarta and Bali boast gay nightclubs and bencong (transvestites and transsexuals) seem to have a special place in Indonesian culture.
Increasingly Indonesia is making anti-LGBT proclamations and local LGBT societies, including those on university campuses are being banned.
Stay healthy [ edit ] Break like the wind Most Indonesians have not yet quite accepted the germ theory of disease: instead, any flu-like diseases are covered under the concept of masuk angin , lit.
The bad news is that every disease known to man can be found somewhere in Indonesia — the good news is that you're probably not going to go there.
Hepatitis is also common and getting vaccinated before arriving in Indonesia is wise.
The local Indonesian health care system is not up to western standards .
While a short term stay in an Indonesian hospital or medical center for simple health problems is probably not markedly different to a western facility, serious and critical medical emergencies will stretch the system to the limit.
In fact, many rich Indonesians often choose to travel to neighboring Singapore to receive more serious health care.
SOS-AEA Indonesia [26] (24 hr emergency line ☎ +62-21-7506001) specialises in treating expats and has English staff on duty, but charges are correspondingly high.
Indonesian custom inspectors may ask about the medicine.
If you need additional medicine in Indonesia, bring the container to a pharmacy ( apotek ) and if possible mention the active ingredients of the medicine.
Indonesia has a low HIV/AIDS prevalence rate.
Respect [ edit ] Make Like A Bule Indonesia's culture is somewhat alien to the west, so a list for etiquette would never be exhaustive.
Indonesians are a friendly bunch and you'll often be introduced to new acquaintances and their families.
By and large (hawkers and touts don't count), Indonesians are a polite people and adopting a few local conventions will go a long way to smooth your stay.
One general tip for getting by in Indonesia is that saving face is extremely important in Indonesian culture.
When meeting someone, be it for the first time ever or just the first time that day, it is common to shake hands — but in Indonesia this is no knuckle-crusher, just a light touching of the palms , often followed by bringing your hand to your chest.
And if all this seems terribly complex, don't worry about it too much — Indonesians are an easygoing bunch and don't expect foreigners to know or understand intricacies of etiquette.
Dress [ edit ] By and large, Indonesia is a conservative country and modest dress is advisable.
Men, too, can gain respect by wearing collared, long-sleeve shirts and trousers if dealing with bureaucracy; a tie is not normally worn in Indonesia.
Contact [ edit ] Keeping in touch with the outside world from Indonesia is rarely a problem, at least if you stay anywhere close to the beaten track.
Telephone calls [ edit ] As getting a fixed line remains an unaffordable luxury for many Indonesians, wartel (short for warung telekomunikasi ) can be found on most every street in Indonesia.
(nowadays it's getting rare to find "Wartel" in Indonesia especially on bigger cities, as now many people prefer to use mobile phone rather than using "Wartel".)
If you have Global System Mobile (GSM) cellular phone, ask your local provider about "roaming agreement/facility" with local GSM operators in Indonesia (ie: PT Indosat [27] , PT Telkomsel [28] , PT XL Axiata [29] ).
100/min in Saturdays and Sundays Telkom Calling Card access number  Dial 168 Mobile phones [ edit ] The Indonesian mobile phone market is heavily competed and prices are low: you can pick up a prepaid SIM card for around Rp 10,000 (US$ 1) or even less; calls generally cost Rp 500-1,000 a minute to other networks and landline, and from that price down to free (with some conditions and restrictions) for on-net calls.
Indonesia is also the world's largest market for used phones.
In general, Telkomsel has the best coverage (on remote islands of east Indonesia it can be the only option available) but higher rates.
After inserting a new SIM card, you will normally get the registration form (in Indonesian), which you must fill before activating it, the SIM won't work otherwise.
Foreign ID/passport data may or may not be accepted by this form, and if it does not or you just can't manage it yourself - ask the vendor or a local friend to fill in it using their Indonesian government issued ID.
If you have Global System Mobile (GSM) cellular phone, ask your local GSM operator about "roaming agreement/facility" in Indonesia.
Most GSM operators in Indonesia have roaming agreement with various GSM operators worldwide.
Using roaming facility, you can use your own cellular phone and GSM SIM card in Indonesia [35] .
Besides GSM, there are several CDMA operators in Indonesia.
The best way to know current deals is to visit operators' websites (generally in Indonesian only, so you may need to use a service like Google Translate), or to ask dealers selling SIM cards.
In remote parts of Indonesia, there may be no coverage at all, and if you plan to spend much time outside of the main cities and tourist areas - consider buying another SIM, instead or in addition.
Those staying for a while on Bali or in major metropolitan areas, and having a laptop, may consider buying an EVDO modem (from Rp 150,000 for a locked, which can be used only with that particular operator and only in Indonesia, and from Rp 250,000 for an unlocked one).
Of 5 Indonesian CDMA networks, currently 3 support broadband (EVDO) internet, namely TelkomFlexi [36] , Esia [37] , and Smartfren [38] .
Contrary to what some local people would say, you can use modem bought in one area (for example, Jakarta) of Indonesia while being in another (e.g.
Telephone directories and information services [ edit ] Other information services [ edit ] Current time  ☎ 999 Information about Telecom services ☎ 162 Phone directory ☎ 108 Phone directory in other cities ☎ (Code Area) 108 Hello Yellow Phone Directory ☎ +62 21 7917 8108 Online Yellow Pages Indonesian YellowPages [39] Code area of large cities in Indonesia Balikpapan (0542), Banda Aceh (0651), Bandung (022), Batam (0778), Denpasar (0361), Jakarta (021),Jogyakarta (0274), Kupang (0380), Makassar (0411), Manado (0431), Medan (061), Palembang (0711), Pekanbaru (0761), Semarang (024), Solo (0271), Surabaya (031) Tourism Promotion Center [ edit ] Ministry of Tourism and Culture.
Indonesia Tourism Promotion Board (BPPI), Wisma Nugraha Santana 9th flr.
Emergency [ edit ] Here is a list of emergency numbers in Indonesia (please note that while these numbers are accessible for free from all non-mobile telephones, they may not be accessible from mobile phones [for mobile phones, you'd better use international mobile phones emergency number, 112 ]).
Indonesian Police HQ.
Retrieved from " http://wikitravel.org/wiki/en/index.php?title=Indonesia&oldid=2446130 " Categories : Has custom banner Articles with warnings Usable articles Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main Page Project Home Travellers' Pub Recent changes Random page Help Report a problem Upload a picture Wikitravel Shared Contact Wikitravel Feeds Travel news Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Export as ePub In other languages Deutsch Esperanto Español Suomi Français Magyar Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski Português Română Русский Svenska Wikitravel Shared Wikipedia Open Directory World66 other sites Wikitravel Shared Wikipedia Open Directory World66 This page was last modified on 17 January 2017, at 03:41.
Skip to content 24-hour Consular Emergency Centre My account (subscribe and register) Menu Search Indonesia Listen to this page Page Content Summary Tigerair Australia cancelled several flights to Denpasar (Bali) on 11 January 2017.
We advise you to exercise a high degree of caution in Indonesia, including Bali, at this time due to the high threat of terrorist attack.
Indonesian authorities continue to arrest terrorists who have allegedly been in the advanced stages of attack planning.
The terrorist threat level in Indonesia remains high.
Terrorist attacks could occur anywhere at any time in Indonesia, including Bali.
The attack demonstrates the continuing terrorism threat in Indonesia, including in locations frequented by foreigners.
We continue to receive information that indicates that terrorists may be planning attacks in Indonesia.
Terrorists have previously targeted nightclubs, bars, cafes, restaurants, international hotels, airports and places of worship in Bali, Jakarta and elsewhere in Indonesia.
Indonesia is subject to a range of natural disasters including volcanic activity, earthquakes, tsunamis and floods.
Visitors to Indonesia, particularly to tourist locations such as Bali and Lombok, should be aware of the specific risks from crime, including sexual assault,  drink-spiking and consumption of alcohol adulterated with harmful substances such as methanol.
Petty crime, such as opportunistic theft, is common in Indonesia.
Tourists may be exposed to scams and confidence tricks in Indonesia.
Be aware that there is a risk of rabies throughout Indonesia, in particular Bali and Nias.
Entry and exit The Indonesian Government has introduced visa-free short visits (30 days) for Australians to Indonesia.
You will not be able to extend your stay if you enter Indonesia under the visa-free facility.
Travellers intending to remain in Indonesia for longer than 30 days can apply for a visa from an Embassy or Consulate of Indonesia or apply for a visa on arrival (for a fee of $US35).
Further details are available on the website of the Indonesian Embassy in Canberra.
The visa-free and visa on arrival facility is not available to foreigners entering Indonesia through the land border between Timor Leste (East Timor) and Indonesian West Timor or to foreigners entering Indonesian West Papua.
Contact the nearest Embassy or Consulate of Indonesia for the most up-to-date information.
Foreigners require a special visa to work in Indonesia.
Any breach of Indonesian immigration regulations may result in you being fined, jailed, deported or banned from re-entering Indonesia for a period of time.
Media personnel should note that a Journalist Visa is required for travel to Indonesia.
The Journalist Visa must be obtained through an Indonesian Consulate in Australia or the Indonesian Embassy in Canberra before arriving in Indonesia.
Journalist Visas cannot be obtained on arrival into Indonesia.
Media personnel working in Indonesia on the wrong visa may be arrested and/or deported.
Indonesian immigration staff may refuse entry to Indonesia to Australians with a criminal record, regardless of how long ago the offence took place.
Australians concerned about the possibility of being denied entry, should consider contacting an Embassy or Consulate of Indonesia before departure.
The decisions of Indonesian immigration officials are final.
Visitors travelling on an Emergency Passport will only be able to enter Indonesia if they have obtained a visa from an Embassy or Consulate of Indonesia.
Fines are imposed for each additional day in Indonesia.
If you plan to be in Indonesia for more than 90 days, you must register with the local immigration office and hold the correct visa.
Safety and security Terrorism We advise you to exercise a high degree of caution in Indonesia, including Jakarta, Bali and Lombok, due to the high threat of terrorist attack.
Indonesian authorities continue to arrest terrorists who have allegedly been in the advanced stages of attack planning.
The terrorist threat level in Indonesia remains high.
Terrorist attacks could occur anywhere at any time in Indonesia, including Bali.
We continue to receive information that indicates that terrorists may be planning attacks in Indonesia.
Since January 2016, a number of threats have been received by Indonesian authorities from groups purporting to be planning attacks, including in Bali.
Indonesian police have stated publicly that terrorist suspects remain at large and that they may seek to attack Western targets.
Extremists in Indonesia may seek to carry out small scale violent attacks with little or no warning.
Terrorists have previously attacked or planned to attack nightclubs, bars, restaurants, cafes, international hotels, airports and places of worship in Bali, Jakarta and elsewhere in Indonesia.
Tourist areas and attractions throughout Indonesia and tourists travelling to or from these places, including those in tour groups or tour buses, could be targeted.
Places frequented by foreigners, central business areas, office buildings, banks, airlines, public transport and transport hubs, shopping centres, premises and symbols associated with the Indonesian Government and police, and outdoor recreation events are also potential targets.
A number of attacks have targeted Indonesian government facilities, including police stations and checkpoints.
On some occasions where high profile extremists have been detained or killed, there has been a strong response from some supporters in Indonesia, including acts of violence.
There are ongoing security operations by Indonesian authorities against terror groups in Central Sulawesi, where terrorist groups have conducted a number of recent attacks targeting civilians.
Australians in Indonesia should be aware that judicial processes, including trials of extremists and the implementation of sentences, could prompt a strong reaction from their supporters such as demonstrations and acts of violence.
Communal and sectarian conflict sometimes arises in Indonesia.
Crime Sexual assault, food and drink spiking, assault and robbery against foreigners have occurred in Indonesia, including around popular tourist locations in Bali.
Local police cannot investigate crimes reported by victims who have departed Indonesia without making a report.
As such, victims and overseas witnesses are not always required to be present in Indonesia for subsequent trial proceedings.
Before going out to bars and nightclubs in Indonesia, see our Partying Overseas page for advice on the risks you may face and tips on how to avoid becoming a victim.
Credit card and ATM fraud occurs in Indonesia.
Travel between the islands of Indonesia by ferry or boat can be dangerous.
Other parts of Indonesia: Traffic can be extremely congested and road users may not drive in a predictable or safe manner.
Piracy occurs in the coastal areas of Indonesia.
While all Indonesian airlines were included on the list in July 2007, some carriers are now cleared to operate in Europe, including Garuda Indonesia, Airfast Indonesia, Ekspress Transportasi Antarbenua (trading as PremiAir) and Indonesia Air Asia.
CASA has certified Garuda Indonesia and Air Asia to operate flights between Australia and Indonesia.
CASA cannot assess the safety of any Indonesian carriers operating within Indonesia or to countries other than Australia.
Fatal air crashes involving the Indonesian carrier Susi Air occurred in September 2011, November 2011 and April 2012.
Australian officials in Indonesia have been directed not to use Susi Air for official travel until further notice.
The FAA has determined that Indonesia's Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) is not in compliance with ICAO safety standards for the oversight of Indonesia's air carrier operations.
The US Embassy in Jakarta has advised Americans travelling to and from Indonesia to fly directly to their destination on international carriers whenever possible.
Information on aviation safety in Indonesia is available on the Aviation Safety Network website .
Laws When you are in Indonesia be aware that local laws and penalties, including ones that appear harsh by Australian standards, do apply to you.
You should research local laws before travelling, or engaging employment in Indonesia.
Australians living and working in Indonesia should be aware that the application and interpretation of local labour laws may be subject to change at short notice.
Under Indonesian law, you must carry identification (an Australian passport, Kartu Ijin Tinggal Sementara (KITAS) or Residents Stay Permit) at all times.
Police target illegal drug use and possession across Indonesia, in particular popular places and venues in Bali and Jakarta.
Some prescription medications available in Australia may be considered as illegal drugs under Indonesian law and treated in the same way as narcotics.
If you are caught with illegal medication in Indonesia you may face detention, fines and possibly harsher penalties, even if an Australian doctor has prescribed it to you.
If you intend to bring prescription medication into Indonesia you should first contact the closest Indonesian Embassy to confirm it is legal under Indonesian law.
See the website of the Indonesian Embassy in Canberra for more information.
If you intend to fly on private aircraft through Indonesian airspace, including non-scheduled overflights, you should ensure that correct clearances have been obtained from Indonesian authorities before your depart.
To drive in Indonesia, you will require an Indonesian or international driver's licence appropriate to the type of vehicle.
Under Indonesian law, foreigners cannot own real estate.
If you are considering investing in property in Indonesia, you should first seek advice from a legal authority.
Aceh: Aceh province has a degree of special autonomy and upholds some aspects of Sharia (Islamic) law including punishments that are not applied in other parts of Indonesia.
Conservative standards of dress and behaviour apply in many parts of Indonesia.
Information for dual nationals Indonesia's citizenship legislation permits children born to an Indonesian parent and a foreign parent to maintain citizenship of both countries until their 18th birthday.
For more information, contact your nearest Embassy or Consulate of Indonesia or visit Indonesia's the Department of Law and Human Rights website (in Indonesian) .
Mental illness and counselling services: The availability of psychiatric and psychological services in Indonesia is limited.
Poisoning from alcoholic drinks containing methanol: There have been cases of poisoning in Indonesia, most notably in Bali and Lombok, from alcoholic drinks adulterated with harmful substances, particularly methanol.
You should consider the risks when consuming alcoholic beverages in Indonesia, particularly cocktails and drinks made with spirits.
All suspected cases of methanol poisoning should be reported to the Indonesian police.
Zika virus: There is limited transmission of Zika virus in Indonesia.
Dengue fever occurs throughout Indonesia, including in Bali and the major cities, and is particularly common during the rainy season.
Japanese encephalitis has been detected in Australian travellers returning from Indonesia (including Bali).
Rabies: There is a risk of rabies throughout Indonesia, in particular Bali and nearby islands and Nias (off the coast of Sumatra).
Availability of post-exposure rabies treatment in Indonesia may be limited, which may require bite victims to return to Australia or travel to a third country for immediate treatment.
If you are planning to stay in Indonesia for a prolonged period or to work with animals, you should consult your doctor or travel clinic about obtaining a pre-exposure rabies vaccination.
Prescription medication: Some prescription medications available in Australian may be considered to be illegal drugs under Indonesian law and treated in the same way as narcotics.
If you intend to bring prescription medication into Indonesia you should first contact the closest Indonesian Embassy to confirm it is legal under Indonesian law.
1-4 Jakarta Selatan 12950 INDONESIA Telephone: +62 21 2550 5555 Facsimile: +62 21 2550 5467 Email: consular.jakarta@dfat.gov.au
See the Embassy website: indonesia.embassy.gov.au for information about opening hours and temporary closures that may affect service provision.
In Bali, you can obtain consular assistance from: Australian Consulate General Bali Jalan Tantular 32 Renon Denpasar Bali 80234 INDONESIA Telephone: +62 361 241 118 Facsimile: + 62 361 221 195 (general enquiries) Email: bali.congen@dfat.gov.au
See the Consulate General website: bali.indonesia.embassy.gov.au for information about opening hours and temporary closures that may affect service provision.
Floods and mudslides Floods and mudslides occur regularly throughout Indonesia during the wet season from October to March.
Volcanoes There are a number of active volcanoes in Indonesia.
If you plan to travel to an area near an active volcano, you should check the Indonesian Directorate of Volcanology and Geological Hazard Mitigation's daily updates on the status and alert level and the Smithsonian Institution's weekly updates .
Earthquakes Indonesia is in an active earthquake region with a high level of earthquake activity, sometimes triggering tsunamis.
Strong earthquakes can occur anywhere in Indonesia, but are less common in Kalimantan and south-west Sulawesi.
In 2013, the Indonesian National Disaster Management Agency recorded 6 earthquakes with magnitude 6.5 or greater that occurred within, or near, Indonesia resulting in deaths, injuries or significant damage.
In addition, almost 250 earthquakes with a magnitude of at least 5.0 occurred across the Indonesian region in 2013.
Additional Resources DFAT country information on Indonesia Australian aid and World Bank activities in Indonesia general advice for Australian business travellers Volunteering overseas       Need help?
Register your trip with Smartraveller Australian embassies, high commissions and consulates Resources for travel industry and media العربية / Arabic 中文 / Chinese - Simplified 中文 / Chinese - Traditional Bahasa Indonesia / Indonesian ภาษาไทย / Thai Tiếng Việt / Vietnamese Copyright Disclaimer Privacy Accessibility Send feedback
Indonesia De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Republik Indonesia República de Indonesia Bandera Escudo Lema : Bhinneka Tunggal Ika ( Antiguo javanés : 'Unidad en la diversidad') Himno : Indonesia Raya ( Indonesio : 'Gran Indonesia') ¿Problemas al reproducir este archivo?
[ 2 ]  • Per cápita US$ 3 797 [ 2 ] IDH (2014) 0,684 [ 3 ] ( 110.º ) –  Medio Moneda Rupia indonesia (Rp., IDR ) Huso horario UTC+7 a UTC+9  • En verano No aplica Código ISO 360/ IDN / ID Dominio internet .id
[ editar datos en Wikidata ] Indonesia , oficialmente la República de Indonesia (en indonesio : Republik Indonesia ), es un país insular ubicado entre el Sudeste Asiático y Oceanía .
La República de Indonesia comprende cerca de 17.508 islas y según estadísticas del año 2015 posee más de 255 millones de personas [ 4 ] con lo cual es el cuarto país más poblado del mundo.
Además, Indonesia es el país con más musulmanes del planeta.
[ 5 ] Indonesia es una república con un poder legislativo y un presidente elegido por sufragio , el gobierno tiene su sede central en la capital de Yakarta .
Otros países cercanos a Indonesia incluyen a Singapur , Tailandia , Brunéi , Filipinas , Palaos , Australia y el territorio indio de las islas de Andamán y Nicobar .
La historia indonesia se ha visto influida por las potencias extranjeras que buscaron explotar sus recursos naturales.
Tras tres siglos y medio de colonialismo neerlandés , Indonesia obtuvo su independencia poco después de la Segunda Guerra Mundial .
Desde entonces, la historia de Indonesia ha sido turbulenta, habiéndose enfrentado el país con los grandes desafíos planteados por los desastres naturales, la corrupción, el separatismo, el proceso de democratización y períodos de cambios económicos.
El lema nacional de Indonesia, " Bhinneka Tunggal Ika " ("Unidad en la diversidad"), articula la diversidad que conforma a la nación.
A pesar de su gran población, Indonesia tiene vastas zonas inhabitadas que lo hacen uno de los países del mundo con mayor biodiversidad , por lo que pertenece a la lista de los países megadiversos .
[ 6 ] Aunque el país dispone de recursos naturales abundantes, la pobreza es una característica de la Indonesia contemporánea.
Índice 1 Etimología 2 Historia 2.1 Prehistoria y Antigüedad 2.2 Influencias indias y musulmanas 2.3 Colonización europea 2.4 Independencia 3 Gobierno y política 3.1 Relaciones exteriores y fuerzas armadas 3.2 Derechos humanos 4 Organización territorial 5 Geografía 5.1 Flora, fauna y medio ambiente 6 Economía 7 Demografía 7.1 Idioma 8 Cultura 9 Religión 10 Véase también 11 Notas 12 Referencias 13 Bibliografía 14 Enlaces externos Etimología [ editar ] El nombre "Indonesia" se deriva del latín Indus , que significa "India" y del griego nesos , que significa "isla".
[ 7 ] El nombre data del siglo XVIII, precediendo a la formación de la Indonesia independiente.
[ 9 ] En la misma publicación, un estudiante de Earls, James Richardson Logan , utiliza la palabra "Indonesia" como sinónimo para "archipiélago indio".
[ 10 ] [ 11 ] Sin embargo, los académicos neerlandeses que escribían publicaciones en las Indias Orientales se negaban a utilizar el vocablo "Indonesia".
[ n. 1 ] [ 12 ] Desde 1900 , el nombre "Indonesia" se volvió más común en los círculos académicos fuera de los Países Bajos y grupos nacionalistas indonesios lo adoptaron para su expresión política.
[ 8 ] Historia [ editar ] Artículo principal: Historia de Indonesia Grabado de un barco en Borobudur , realizado alrededor del año 800 d.
C., llegaron a Indonesia y mientras expandían sus territorios, confinaron a los melanesios nativos a habitar las islas más orientales del archipiélago.
[ 15 ] La posición estratégica de Indonesia fomentó el comercio interinsular e internacional.
Por ejemplo, los vínculos comerciales con reinos indios y China se establecieron varios siglos a. C., [ 16 ] con lo que se demuestra que el comercio ha sido parte fundamental en la historia de Indonesia.
Durante el siglo XIII, se fundó el reino hindú de Majapahit en el oriente de la isla de Java, y bajo el mando de Gajah Mada , su influencia se expandió sobre gran parte de Indonesia, dando lugar a un periodo que a menudo se conoce como la "edad de oro" de la historia de Indonesia.
Aunque los comerciantes musulmanes viajaron a través del sudeste asiático desde principios de la era islámica, los primeros vestigios de poblaciones musulmanas en Indonesia se remontan al siglo XIII en el norte de Sumatra .
[ 22 ] Gradualmente, otras áreas indonesias adoptaron el Islam , y desde finales del siglo XVI es la religión dominante en Java y Sumatra.
En su mayor parte, las prácticas islámicas se encuentran superpuestas y combinadas con otras influencias culturales y religiosas que existían previo a su llegada, que dieron forma a la corriente predominante del Islam en Indonesia, especialmente en la isla de Java.
[ 23 ] Colonización europea [ editar ] Los primeros europeos llegaron a Indonesia en 1512 , cuando los comerciantes portugueses, dirigidos por Francisco Serrão , intentaron monopolizar las fuentes de la nuez moscada , el clavo y la pimienta en las Molucas .
[ 25 ] Durante la mayor parte del período colonial, el control neerlandés sobre el archipiélago fue tenue fuera de algunas islas y zonas costeras; fue hasta principios del siglo XX que el dominio neerlandés se amplió a lo que posteriormente serían los límites actuales de Indonesia.
[ 31 ] [ 32 ] [ 33 ] [ 34 ] Los Países Bajos trataron de restablecer el control sobre el país, dando lugar a una lucha armada y diplomática que terminó en diciembre de 1949, cuando ante la presión internacional, los neerlandeses reconocieron formalmente la independencia de Indonesia [ 32 ] [ 35 ] (con excepción del territorio neerlandés de Nueva Guinea Occidental , que se incorporó tras el Acuerdo de Nueva York de 1962 y el Acta de libre elección de la ONU ).
[ 36 ] Sukarno , primer presidente de Indonesia.
Sukarno pasó de la democracia hacia el autoritarismo y mantuvo su poder a base del constante enfrentamiento entre las fuerzas armadas y el Partido Comunista de Indonesia (PKI).
Entre 1997 y 1998, Indonesia fue el país más duramente afectado por la crisis financiera asiática .
[ 49 ] En 1999, Timor Oriental votó a favor de separarse de Indonesia, después de una ocupación militar de veinticinco años, que estuvo marcada por la condena internacional y de una brutal represión de los timorenses.
[ 52 ] Gobierno y política [ editar ] Artículo principal: Política de Indonesia Una sesión del Consejo de Representativo del Pueblo en Yakarta.
Indonesia es una república con un sistema presidencial .
Se realizaron cuatro enmiendas a la Constitución de Indonesia de 1945 [ n. 2 ] que han renovado el poder ejecutivo , legislativo y judicial .
[ 53 ] El presidente de Indonesia es el Jefe de Estado , el Comandante en Jefe de las Fuerzas Armadas Indonesias y el director de la administración interna, la creación de políticas y de las relaciones exteriores.
[ 55 ] Corte Suprema de Justicia de Indonesia en Yakarta.
[ 58 ] Relaciones exteriores y fuerzas armadas [ editar ] En contraste con la política anti-imperialista contra las potencias occidentales y las tensiones con Malasia durante el régimen de Sukarno, las relaciones exteriores de Indonesia desde el "nuevo orden" se basan en la cooperación económica y política con las naciones occidentales.
[ 59 ] Indonesia mantiene estrechas relaciones con sus vecinos en Asia y es un miembro fundador de la Asociación de Naciones del Sudeste Asiático (ANSA) y la Cumbre de Asia Oriental .
[ 58 ] Indonesia es miembro de las Naciones Unidas desde 1950, [ n. 4 ] y fue uno de los fundadores del Movimiento de Países No Alineados (NOAL) y de la Organización de la Conferencia Islámica (OCI).
[ 60 ] Además, Indonesia es signatario del acuerdo del Área de Libre Comercio de la ANSA , el Grupo Cairns y la Organización Mundial del Comercio .
Anteriormente, Indonesia formaba parte de la Organización de Países Exportadores de Petróleo , pero se retiró en 2008, debido a que ya no es un exportador neto de petróleo.
Indonesia ha recibido ayuda humanitaria y para su desarrollo desde 1966, en particular de los Estados Unidos , Europa occidental , Australia y Japón .
[ 60 ] El gobierno de Indonesia ha trabajado con otros países para aprehender y enjuiciar a los autores de atentados terroristas , principalmente los vinculados a militantes del Islamismo y Al-Qaeda .
[ 64 ] Movimiento Aceh Libre, 1999 Las fuerzas armadas de Indonesia (TNI) constan de 300.000 miembros, que incluyen el ejército (TNI–AD), la marina de guerra (TNI–AL) y la fuerza aérea (TNI–AU).
[ 72 ] [ 73 ] Derechos humanos [ editar ] En materia de derechos humanos , respecto a la pertenencia a los siete organismos de la Carta Internacional de Derechos Humanos, que incluyen al Comité de Derechos Humanos (HRC), Indonesia ha firmado o ratificado: Estatus de los principales instrumentos internacionales de derechos humanos [ 74 ] Indonesia Tratados internacionales CESCR [ 75 ] CCPR [ 76 ] CERD [ 77 ] CED [ 78 ] CEDAW [ 79 ] CAT [ 80 ] CRC [ 81 ] MWC [ 82 ] CRPD [ 83 ] CESCR CESCR-OP CCPR CCPR-OP1 CCPR-OP2-DP CEDAW CEDAW-OP CAT CAT-OP CRC CRC-OP-AC CRC-OP-SC CRPD CRPD-OP Pertenencia Firmado y ratificado, firmado pero no ratificado, ni firmado ni ratificado, sin información, ha accedido a firmar y ratificar el órgano en cuestión, pero también reconoce la competencia de recibir y procesar comunicaciones individuales por parte de los órganos competentes.
Organización territorial [ editar ] Artículos principales: Provincias de Indonesia y Organización territorial de Indonesia .
Desde el punto de vista administrativo, Indonesia está conformada por 34 provincias , cinco de las cuales tienen un carácter especial.
[ 84 ] Se concedió la condición de "región semiautónoma" a Yogyakarta en reconocimiento de su papel fundamental en la lucha de los republicanos durante la guerra de independencia indonesia.
[ n. 5 ] [ 86 ] Aceh Sumatra Septentrional Sumatra Occidental Riau Islas Riau Bangka- Belitung Jambi Sumatra Meridional Bengkulu Lampung Bantén Yakarta Java Occidental Java Central Yogyakarta Java Oriental Bali Islas menores de la Sonda occidentales Islas menores de la Sonda orientales Kalimantan Occidental Kalimantan Central Kalimantan Meridional Kalimantan Septentrional Kalimantan Oriental Célebes Septentrional Molucas septentrionales Célebes Central Gorontalo Célebes Occidental Célebes Meridional Célebes Suroriental Molucas Papúa Occidental Papúa Provincias indonesias y capitales (Nombre en indonesio entre paréntesis si difiere del nombre en español) † Indica que la provincia tiene un estatus especial Unidad Geográfica Provincia Sumatra Aceh † ( Nanggröe Aceh Darussalam ) – Banda Aceh Sumatra Septentrional ( Sumatera Utara ) – Medan Sumatra Occidental ( Sumatera Barat ) – Padang Riau – Pekanbaru Islas Riau ( Kepulauan Riau ) – Tanjung Pinang Jambi – Jambi Sumatra Meridional ( Sumatera Selatan ) – Palembang Bangka-Belitung ( Kepulauan Bangka-Belitung ) – Pangkal Pinang Bengkulu – Bengkulu Lampung – Bandar Lampung Isla de Java Yakarta † – Yakarta Banten – Serang Java Occidental ( Jawa Barat ) – Bandung Java Central ( Jawa Tengah ) – Semarang Yogyakarta † – Yogyakarta Java Oriental ( Jawa Timur ) – Surabaya Célebes Bali Nueva Guinea Occidental Islas menores de la Sonda Bali – Denpasar Nusatenggara Occidental ( Nusa Tenggara Barat ) – Mataram Nusatenggara Oriental ( Nusa Tenggara Timur ) – Kupang Kalimantan Kalimantan Occidental ( Kalimantan Barat ) – Pontianak Kalimantan Central ( Kalimantan Tengah ) – Palangkaraya Kalimantan Meridional ( Kalimantan Selatan ) – Banjarmasin Kalimantan Oriental ( Kalimantan Timur ) – Samarinda Kalimantan Septentrional ( Kalimantan Utara ) – Tanjung Selor Célebes Célebes Septentrional ( Sulawesi Utara ) – Manado Gorontalo – Gorontalo Célebes Central ( Sulawesi Tengah ) – Palu Célebes Occidental ( Sulawesi Barat ) – Mamuju Célebes Meridional ( Sulawesi Selatan ) – Makassar Célebes Suroriental ( Sulawesi Tenggara ) – Kendari Islas Molucas Molucas – Ambon Molucas Septentrional ( Maluku Utara ) – Ternate Nueva Guinea Occidental Papúa Occidental † ( Papua Barat ) – Manokwari Papúa † – Jayapura Geografía [ editar ] Artículo principal: Geografía de Indonesia Mapa topográfico de Indonesia.
Indonesia está conformada por 17.508 islas, de las cuales unas 6.000 se encuentran habitadas.
Las cinco islas más grandes son Java , Sumatra , Kalimantan (la parte indonesia de Borneo ), Nueva Guinea (compartida con Papúa Nueva Guinea ) y Célebes .
Indonesia comparte fronteras con Malasia en las islas de Borneo y Sebatik , con Papúa Nueva Guinea en la isla de Nueva Guinea y con Timor Oriental en la isla de Timor .
Además, sólo algunos estrechos separan a Indonesia de Singapur , Filipinas y Australia .
km² , Indonesia es el 15° país más grande del mundo en términos de superficie.
Con 4.884 msnm , el Puncak Jaya en Papúa es el monte más alto y más grande en Indonesia, mientras el lago Toba en Sumatra es el lago más grande del país, con un área de 1.145 km².
La actividad sísmica y volcánica de Indonesia se encuentra entre las más altas del mundo.
La ubicación de Indonesia en los bordes de las placas tectónicas del Pacífico , la Euroasiática y la Indoaustraliana , la convierten en un lugar con numerosos volcanes y con terremotos frecuentes.
Indonesia tiene al menos 150 volcanes activos, [ 94 ] incluyendo el Krakatoa y el Tambora , famosos por sus erupciones devastadoras en el siglo XIX.
[ 96 ] Como se encuentra en las cercanías del Ecuador, Indonesia posee un clima tropical , con diferentes temporadas de monzón , de lluvias y de sequía .
Las temperaturas varían poco a lo largo del año; la temperatura promedio de Yakarta es de 26 a 30 °C. [ 97 ] Flora, fauna y medio ambiente [ editar ] El orangután de Sumatra es una especie en peligro de extinción , un ejemplo de la fauna endémica de Indonesia.
El tamaño, el clima tropical y la geografía del archipiélago, convierte a Indonesia en el tercer país con mayor nivel de biodiversidad en el mundo (después de Brasil y Colombia ), [ 98 ] y su flora y fauna es una mezcla de especies provenientes de Asia y Australasia .
[ 102 ] Sólo Australia supera a Indonesia en cuanto al grado de endemismo en sus especies, con el 26 % de las 1.531 especies de aves y el 39 % de sus 515 especies de mamíferos endémicos.
Indonesia tiene una amplia gama de ecosistemas marinos , incluyendo playas , dunas , estuarios , manglares , arrecifes de coral , campos de algas marinas, llanuras de marea , marismas , y ecosistemas insulares pequeños.
El naturalista británico, Alfred Wallace , describe una línea divisoria entre la distribución y la convivencia de las especies de Asia y Australasia en Indonesia.
La gran población de Indonesia y la rápida industrialización presentan graves problemas ambientales, que a menudo cuentan con una prioridad más baja debido a altos niveles de pobreza.
[ 107 ] Economía [ editar ] Artículo principal: Economía de Indonesia Utilización de búfalos para el arado en arrozales .
Indonesia es la economía más grande del sudeste asiático y también un miembro del G-20 .
[ 108 ] El Producto Interno Bruto (PIB) de Indonesia se estima en 444 mil millones de dólares (US$ 1.129 millones PPA ).
En 2005, los principales mercados de exportación de Indonesia eran Japón (22,3 %), Estados Unidos (13,9 %), China (9,1 %) y Singapur (8,9 %); mientras que la mayoría de las importaciones provenían de Japón (18,0 %), China (16,1 %) y Singapur (12,8 %).
En 2005, Indonesia alcanzó un superávit comercial con US$83.640
Las principales importaciones de Indonesia incluyen la maquinaria y equipos, productos químicos, combustibles y otros productos alimenticios.
[ 5 ] Yakarta , la capital de Indonesia y el corazón económico del país.
[ 112 ] Después de algunas reformas en la década de 1980, [ 112 ] comenzaron a llegar más inversionistas extranjeros, orientados especialmente hacia el desarrollo rápido del sector manufacturero, y desde 1989 hasta 1997, la economía Indonesia creció en una tasa promedio de más del 7 %.
[ 112 ] [ 113 ] Indonesia fue el país más afectado por la crisis financiera asiática de 1997 y 1998.
Respecto al dólar estadounidense , la rupia indonesia (Rp) cayó de Rp 2.600 hasta un punto bajo de Rp 14.000, provocando que la economía perdiera un 13,7 %.
[ 115 ] [ 116 ] La organización Transparencia Internacional coloca a Indonesia en el puesto 111° de 180 países, en su Índice de Percepción de Corrupción de 2009.
[ 121 ] Demografía [ editar ] Artículo principal: Demografía de Indonesia Según el censo nacional de 2000 , la población indonesia asciende a más de 206.000.000 de habitantes, [ 122 ] y para mediados de la década de 2000, la Oficina de Estadísticas Centrales de Indonesia y Estadísticas de Indonesia estimaban una población de 222.000.000.
En Indonesia existen alrededor de 300 etnias diferentes.
El siguiente grupo de población más importante del país son los melanesios , que habitan en la parte oriental de Indonesia.
Los primeros en promover el uso del idioma indonesio fueron los nacionalistas en la década de 1920, y en 1945 fue declarado el idioma oficial en la proclamación de independencia de Indonesia.
[ 143 ] Cultura [ editar ] Artículo principal: Cultura de Indonesia Véanse también: Gastronomía de Indonesia e Indonesia en los Juegos Olímpicos .
Una obra con wayang kulits (marionetas de silueta), muy populares en Indonesia.
Indonesia tiene alrededor de 300 grupos étnicos, cada uno con sus diferencias culturales desarrolladas durante siglos e influenciadas por los indios, árabes, chinos, malayos y europeos.
Las telas y textiles, como el batik , el ikat y el songket se crean en toda Indonesia con estilos que varían según la región.
Las influencias más dominantes en la arquitectura indonesia han sido tradicionalmente indias, aunque las influencias arquitectónicas chinas, árabes y europeas también están presentes en algunas construcciones importantes.
Los deportes en Indonesia son generalmente orientados hacia los hombres, mientras los deportes de espectador a menudo se asocian con apuestas ilegales.
La Liga Indonesia es la liga de fútbol más importante del país.
Indonesia acogió los Juegos Asiáticos de 1962 .
[ 145 ] Una selección de alimentos Indonesia, incluyendo el Soto Ayam (sopa de pollo) sate kerang (brochetas de mariscos), telor pindang (huevos conservados), perkedel (fritter), y es teh manis (té helado dulce).
La gastronomía de Indonesia varía por región y se basa en la gastronomía china , europea, oriental e india .
[ 146 ] El arroz es el principal alimento básico de la cocina indonesia, y se sirve con platos de carne y verduras.
[ n. 8 ] [ 147 ] La música tradicional indonesia incluye los sonidos del gamelan y del keroncong .
Además, en Indonesia se originó el dangdut , un género contemporáneo de música pop que cuenta con influencias árabe, indias y de la música malaya folclórica.
La popularidad de la industria cinematográfica indonesia alcanzó su punto máximo en la década de 1980, cuando dominó los cines de Indonesia, [ 148 ] aunque su impacto se redujo significativamente en la década de 1990.
[ 149 ] Entre 2000 y 2005, el número de películas indonesias publicadas cada año ha ido en aumento.
[ 148 ] La evidencia más antigua de la escritura en Indonesia es una serie de inscripciones en sánscrito , fechadas alrededor del siglo V d.
Las figuras más importantes en la literatura moderna de Indonesia incluyen al autor neerlandés Multatuli , quien criticó los maltratos sufridos por los indonesios bajo el dominio colonial neerlandés; Muhammad Yamín y Hamka , que fueron los escritores nacionalistas más influyentes antes de la independencia del país; [ 150 ] y Pramoedya Ananta Toer , el novelista más famoso de Indonesia.
[ 151 ] [ 152 ] Muchos de los pueblos de Indonesia cuentan con una amplia tradición oral , lo que les ayuda a definir y conservar su identidad cultural.
[ 153 ] La libertad de prensa en Indonesia aumentó considerablemente después del final del mandato del presidente Suharto, durante el cual el ahora extinto Ministerio de Información, supervisaba y controlaba los medios de comunicación nacionales, restringiendo a los medios de comunicación extranjeros.
[ 154 ] En el país existen diez cadenas de televisión de alcance nacional, siendo la más importante de ellas Televisi Republik Indonesia ( TVRI ), además de varias de alcance regional.
[ 155 ] Religión [ editar ] Véase también: Islam en Indonesia La Mezquita de Istiqlal en Yakarta Aunque la libertad religiosa se estipula en la Constitución de Indonesia, [ 5 ] el gobierno reconoce oficialmente sólo seis religiones: el Islam , el protestantismo , el catolicismo , el hinduismo , el budismo y el confucianismo .
[ 156 ] Aunque no es un estado islámico , Indonesia es la nación con más musulmanes en el mundo, ya que cerca del 86,1 % de la población es musulmana, según el censo nacional de 2000.
La mayoría de los hindúes en Indonesia son balineses , [ 157 ] mientras la mayoría de los budistas en Indonesia son de origen chino.
[ 158 ] Aunque actualmente son religiones minoritarias, el hinduismo y el budismo tuvieron una gran influencia en la cultura indonesia.
[ 159 ] El catolicismo fue llevado a Indonesia por los colonizadores y misioneros portugueses, [ 160 ] [ 161 ] y las denominaciones protestantes son en gran medida el resultado de los esfuerzos de grupos neerlandeses de calvinistas y luteranos para cristianizar a la población durante el período colonial del país.
Insulindia Turismo en Indonesia Indonesia en los Juegos Olímpicos Selección de fútbol de Indonesia Anexo:Parques nacionales de Indonesia Notas [ editar ] ↑ Este término fue introducido en 1860 en la novela Max Havelaar , escrita por Multatuli , la cual contiene varias críticas contra el colonialismo neerlandés.
↑ Indonesia se retiró temporalmente de la ONU el 20 de enero de 1965, en respuesta a la elección de Malasia como miembro no permanente del Consejo de Seguridad.
Finalmente, Indonesia se reincorporó el 28 de septiembre de 1966.
↑ Comparados con los sabores combinados de las comidas vietnamitas y tailandesas , los sabores de las comidas indonesias se mantienen relativamente separados, simples y abundantes.
Referencias [ editar ] ↑ «Indonesia» .
«The World Factbook -- Indonesia» .
The Ecology of the Indonesian Seas 1 .
«Asal Usut Nama Indonesia» .
Periódico del Archipiélago Indio y Asia Oriental (en inglés) (Indonesia): 119.
Periódico del Archipiélago Indio y Asia Oriental (en inglés) (Indonesia) 4 : 252-347.
«The Term Indonesia: Its Origin and Usage» .
«Indonesia» .
«Indonesian War of Independence» .
«Indonesia's 1969 Takeover of West Papua» .
«40 Years Later: The Mass Killings in Indonesia» .
«Unresolved Problems in the Indonesian Killings of 1965-1966».
↑ Adrian Vickers, A History of Modern Indonesia.
«Indonesia: from showcase to basket case» .
«International Religious Freedom Report 2002: Indonesia» .
«Indonesia: General elections test the amended Constitution and the new Constitutional Court».
«The Carter Center 2004 Indonesia Election Report» .
↑ _ (2002), The fourth Amendment of 1945 Indonesia Constitution , Capítulo III – El poder ejecutivo, Art. 7. ↑ Consejo Representativo del Pueblo (2000).
«Ketetapan MPR-RI Nomor II/MPR/2000 tentang Perubahan Kedua Peraturan Tata Tertib Majelis Permusyawaratan Rakyat Republik Indonesia» .
«Third Amendment to the 1945 Constitution of The Republic of Indonesia» .
↑ a b «Country Profile: Indonesia» .
«Indonesia - Foreign Policy» .
«Indonesia (10/09)» .
«Priority Dilemmas: U.S. - Indonesia Military Relations in the Anti Terror War» .
«Travel Warning: Indonesia» .
«Indonesia military regains ground» .
«Asia-Pacific - Indonesia flashpoints: Aceh» .
«Asia-Pacific - Indonesia agrees Aceh peace deal» .
«Asia-Pacific - Indonesia starts Aceh withdrawal» .
«Indonesia Law No. 5/1974 Concerning Basic Principles on Administration in the Region» .
↑ «Indonesia Regions» .
↑ «Republic of Indonesia» .
«Global Volcanism Program - Volcanoes of the Wrold - Volcanoes of Indonesia» .
95–97 ↑ «University of Indonesia» .
«Indonesia's Natural Wealth: The Right of a Nation and Her People» .
Deforestation in Indonesia and the Orangutan Population (en inglés) .
«Animal Info - Indonesia» .
«Indonesia at a Glance» .
«Indonesia - Country Brief» .
↑ a b c «Poverty in Indonesia: Always with them» .
↑ «Indonesia Forecast - Country briefings» .
«Unemployment still blighting the Indonesian landscape» .
«Making the New Indonesia Work for the Poor - Overview» .
↑ Oficina de Estadísticas Centrales de Indonesia (2008).
«Beberapa Indikator Penting Mengenai Indonesia» .
↑ Oficina de Estadísticas Centrales de Indonesia (2000).
↑ Oficina de Estadísticas Centrales de Indonesia (2006).
«Tingkat Kemiskinan di Indonesia Tahun 2005–2006» .
«An Overview of Indonesia - the land, people, goverment and economy» .
« " Bahasa Indonesia" and languages of Indonesia» .
«Migration and conflicts in Indonesia» .
Fica-Net Report on Church and Human Rights Persecution in Indonesia .
Indonesia's Population: Ethnicity and Religion in a Changing Political Landscape .
«Indigenous Cultures in the Development of Indonesia» .
«An Analysis of the Implication of Suharto's resignation for Chinese Indonesians» .
World Food: Indonesia .
«Sepuluh Tahun Terakhir Perfilman Indonesia» .
↑ «Kondisi Perfilman di Indonesia» .
«Preserving intangible cultural heritage in Indonesia» .
Indonesia Today: Challenges of History .
«The History and Legal Position of Confucianism in Post Independence Indonesia» .
«Indonesia - Buddhism» .
«Indonesia - Islam» .
↑ Ricklefs, pp. 25, 26, 28 ↑ Sejarah Indonesia (2005).
«Indonesia Annual International Religious Freedom 2003» .
Indonesia Annual International Religious Freedom Report 2003 (en inglés) .
The Traditional Architecture of Indonesia .
Indonesian Destinies .
Autonomy and Disintegration in Indonesia .
A History of Modern Indonesia since c.1300 (2ª edición).
A Nation in Waiting: Indonesia in the 1990s .
Indonesia: Peoples and Histories .
A History of Modern Indonesia .
Indonesia .
Enlaces externos [ editar ] Esta obra contiene una traducción derivada de Indonesia de Wikipedia en inglés, concretamente de esta versión , publicada por sus editores bajo la Licencia de documentación libre de GNU y la Licencia Creative Commons Atribución-CompartirIgual 3.0 Unported .
Wikinoticias tiene noticias relacionadas con Indonesia .
Wikinoticias Wikimedia Commons alberga contenido multimedia sobre Indonesia .
Commons Wikcionario tiene definiciones y otra información sobre Indonesia .
Wikcionario Wikimedia Atlas: Indonesia Wikiviajes alberga guías de viajes de o sobre Indonesia .
Indonesia».
Gobierno Gobierno de Indonesia Ministerio de la Secretaría de Estado Centro de estadísticas Información general Indonesia en The World Factbook Indonesia en UCB Libraries GovPubs Indonesia en Open Directory Project Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Indonesia&oldid=95845027 » Categoría : Indonesia Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Páginas con referencias con parámetros obsoletos Wikipedia:Páginas con referencias sin URL y con fecha de acceso Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Wikipedia:Artículos buenos Wikipedia:Artículos con datos locales Wikipedia:Artículos de países que requieren mantenimiento Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en árabe Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en francés Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en inglés Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en yoruba Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en checo Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en vietnamita Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en ruso Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en estonio Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en portugués Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en chino Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en indonesio Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en banyumasan Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en bielorruso Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en malayo Wikipedia:Artículos buenos en la Wikipedia en eslovaco Wikipedia:Páginas con ISBN incorrectos Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Wikinoticias Wikiviajes Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Acèh Адыгабзэ Afrikaans Akan Alemannisch አማርኛ Aragonés Ænglisc العربية مصرى অসমীয়া Asturianu Aymar aru Azərbaycanca تۆرکجه Башҡортса Boarisch Žemaitėška Bikol Central Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български भोजपुरी Bislama Bahasa Banjar বাংলা བོད་ཡིག বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Brezhoneg Bosanski ᨅᨔ ᨕᨘᨁᨗ Буряад Català Chavacano de Zamboanga Mìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄ Нохчийн Cebuano Chamoru ᏣᎳᎩ کوردیی ناوەندی Corsu Qırımtatarca Čeština Kaszëbsczi Словѣньскъ / ⰔⰎⰑⰂⰡⰐⰠⰔⰍⰟ Чӑвашла Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Zazaki Dolnoserbski ދިވެހިބަސް Eʋegbe Ελληνικά English Esperanto Eesti Euskara Estremeñu فارسی Suomi Võro Na Vosa Vakaviti Føroyskt Français Arpetan Nordfriisk Frysk Gaeilge Gagauz 贛語 Gàidhlig Galego Avañe'ẽ गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni ગુજરાતી Gaelg Hausa 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî Hawaiʻi עברית हिन्दी Fiji Hindi Hrvatski Hornjoserbsce Kreyòl ayisyen Magyar Հայերեն Interlingua Bahasa Indonesia Interlingue Iñupiak Ilokano Ido Íslenska Italiano ᐃᓄᒃᑎᑐᑦ/inuktitut 日本語 Patois La .lojban.
Turismo en Indonesia De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Este artículo o sección se encuentra desactualizado.
El turismo en Indonesia es un importante componente de la economía de dicho país y una gran fuente de ingresos.
Esta área es supervisada por el Ministerio de Cultura y Turismo de Indonesia .
Cerca de 5 millones de turistas extranjeros han visitado Indonesia anualmente desde el 2000.
Islas 3.2 Atracciones culturales 3.3 Ciudades 4 Gastronomía 5 Turismo internacional 5.1 Aeropuertos 5.2 Regulación de visas 6 Amenazas a la industria del turismo 7 Referencias 8 Bibliografía 9 Enlaces externos Estadísticas [ editar ] Estadísticas del turismo en Indonesia [ 4 ] Año Turistas Estadía promedio (días) 2000 5.064.217
Con una duración de entre 9 y 12 días por visita, Indonesia obtiene un ingreso de $4,6 mil millones al año.
[ 1 ] Aproximadamente tres cuartas partes de los visitantes de Indonesia provienen de la región Asia-Pacífico , siendo Singapur , Malasia , Japón , Corea del Sur y Australia los principales mercados.
Indonesia ha preservado ecosistemas naturales como las selvas , que conforman el 57 % de la superficie total del país; el 2 % de ellos corresponden a manglares .
[ 9 ] [ 10 ] Una de las razones del por qué los ecosistemas naturales de Indonesia están bien preservados, es debido a que solo 6000 de las 17 000 islas están habitadas.
Además, Indonesia posee una de las costas más extensas del mundo, alcanzando 54 716 km, [ 12 ] con un gran número de playas e instalaciones turísticas, como las presentes en Bali , Lombok , Bintan y Nías .
Práctica de deportes acuáticos [ editar ] Con más de 17 000 islas , Indonesia presenta una gran variedad de oportunidades para el buceo .
[ 14 ] Además, existen cerca de 3500 especies viviendo en las aguas de Indonesia, como tiburones , delfines , mantas raya , tortugas , morenas , sepias , pulpos y peces escorpión , comparadas con las 1500 presentes en la gran barrera de coral y 600 en el Mar Rojo .
[ 16 ] Junto a Bunaken y Bali, Lombok , tres islas Gili ( Gili Air , Gili Meno y Gili Trawangan ), Kepulauan Seribu y Bangka son los sitios de buceo más populares de Indonesia.
El surf es bastante popular en Indonesia, debido principalmente a la presencia de lugares aptos para la práctica de este deporte, lo cual le ha otorgado reconocimiento a nivel mundial.
[ 17 ] Los sitios más conocidos se encuentran en la parte sur de Indonesia, principalmente en Java .
El mayor parque nacional de Indonesia es el Parque Nacional de Gunung Leuser ; con una superficie de 9500 km², está ubicado al norte de la isla de Sumatra .
Algunos parques presentan diferentes biodiversidades, esto se debe a que el hábitat de Indonesia se encuentra dividido mediante la línea de Wallace .
La distinción biogeográfica Wallacea significa que la parte occidental de Indonesia (Sumatra, Java, Kalimantan) posee algunas características de la flora y fauna del continente asiático , mientras que el sector oriental comparte similitudes con la presente en Australia .
Las excursiones y acampadas son actividades populares en las montañas de Indonesia.
Algunos volcanes populares entre los visitantes son el Bromo con sus 2329 m de altura, el Tangkuban Perahu ubicado en las afueras de Bandung , el Krakatoa y monte Merapi , el más activo de Indonesia.
[ 22 ] Puncak Jaya , ubicada en el parque nacional de Lorentz , es la montaña más alta de Indonesia y la única que posee campos de hielo .
Islas [ editar ] Indonesia destaca por su gran cantidad de islas (más de 17 000).
Isla de Bali : La isla más popular de todo Indonesia conocida por su turismo e industrialización.
Isla de Java : Isla que posee el 60 % de los habitantes de Indonesia pasando a ser la isla más poblada del mundo.
Atracciones culturales [ editar ] Artículo principal: Cultura de Indonesia Templo de Borobudur en Java Central.
Indonesia está compuesto por aproximadamente 300 grupos étnicos , los cuales están dispersos en 6000 islas que tienen un área de 1,8 millones km².
Entre el siglo III y XIII , la cultura de Indonesia se vio fuertemente influenciada por el hinduismo y budismo.
A pesar de la influencia extranjera, en Indonesia aún existen diversas culturas indígenas.
Mal Kelapa Gading (el más grande con 130 000 m²), Plaza Senayan y Plaza Indonesia son algunos ubicados en la ciudad.
La vida nocturna en Indonesia es una importante actividad entre los visitantes, especialmente en ciudades como Yakarta , Bandung , Surabaya y Denpasar .
Gastronomía [ editar ] Artículo principal: Gastronomía de Indonesia Nasi goreng.
La gran cantidad de culturas existentes en Indonesia se ve reflejada en lo variado de su cocina.
[ 27 ] La gastronomía de Indonesia se basa principalmente en el término halal .
[ 27 ] Algunos condimentos utilizados en Indonesia incluyen el sambal y la salsa de soja .
La gastronomía indonesia también ha sido influenciada por la cultura occidental.
Con el objetivo de popularizar la comida en Indonesia, se han creado varios eventos gastronómicos, incluyendo un festival de comida llamado "Enak-Enak", el cual fue realizado entre el 15 y 31 de agosto de 2006 .
[ 29 ] Turismo internacional [ editar ] Aeropuertos [ editar ] Cada una de las grandes islas en Indonesia posee al menos un aeropuerto internacional .
Regulación de visas [ editar ] Los turistas provenientes de Brunéi , Chile , las Filipinas , Hong Kong , Macao , Malasia , Marruecos , Perú , Singapur , Tailandia y Vietnam pueden entrar a Indonesia sin necesidad de visa .
El 1 de febrero de 2004 , Indonesia adoptó un nuevo sistema de regulación de visas.
[ 30 ] [ 31 ] El 14 de julio de 2004, el Ministerio de Turismo de Indonesia informó que más países podrían optar a este beneficio, incluyendo Arabia Saudita , Austria , Bélgica , Egipto , España , Irán , Irlanda , Kuwait , Luxemburgo , Portugal , Catar y Rusia .
Amenazas a la industria del turismo [ editar ] Advertencias a los turistas País Fecha Regiones Advertencia [ 32 ] 18-11-2005 Bali , Yakarta Amenazas terroristas Aceh , Papúa , Molucas , Célebes Conflictos regionales [ 33 ] 21-08-2006 Todo el país Amenazas terroristas [ 34 ] 21-08-2006 Todo el país Amenazas terroristas Molucas , Célebes Central , Aceh Conflictos regionales Los atentados de Bali de 2002 significaron un duro golpe a la industria del turismo en Indonesia.
Un reciente brote de gripe aviar en Indonesia afectó a varios turistas extranjeros.
[ 38 ] Referencias [ editar ] ↑ a b c «Indonesia» .
↑ «Indonesia in crisis: Struggling with history» .
↑ a b c «Visitor Arrivals to Indonesia 2000-2005» .
Ministerio de Cultura y Turismo, República de Indonesia.
↑ «Visitor Arrivals to Indonesia by Nationality and Country of Residence Year 2005» ( PDF ) .
Indonesia .
Inside Indonesia.
↑ «Indonesia» .
↑ «Indonesia» .
↑ «Indonesia Claims a Permanent Seat on the Security Council» .
Embajada de Indonesia (KBRI) en Canberra.
↑ «Country Profile: Indonesia» .
↑ «Diving in Indonesia» .
↑ «Scuba Diving Indonesia» .
↑ «Surfing Indonesia» .
↑ «Miles de evacuados en Indonesia mientras el volcán Merapi entra en su fase de máxima actividad» .
Islas de Indonesia .
Who are the Indonesian? .
Focus on Ethnic Cuisine: Indonesia .
‘Halal' Stickers A Must For Food In Indonesia: Experts .
↑ a b «Indonesian Visa Regulations» .
↑ a b «Indonesia to offer Visa-on-Arrival to Eleven more Nationalities» .
↑ «Travel Warning - Indonesia» .
↑ «Travel Advice for Indonesia» .
Indonesia Bird Flu Outbreak Prompts Culling, Free Tamiflu .
The Dive Sites Of Indonesia .
Indonesia .
Are sweet dreams made of this?: Tourism in Bali and Eastern Indonesia .
Indonesia Resources and Information Program.
To The Spice Islands And Beyond: Travels in Eastern Indonesia .
Enlaces externos [ editar ] Ministerio de Cultura y Turismo, República de Indonesia Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Turismo_en_Indonesia&oldid=94275672 » Categoría : Turismo en Indonesia Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Artículos desactualizados Wikipedia:Artículos buenos Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas العربية বাংলা English Français Bahasa Indonesia Bahasa Melayu Русский Tagalog Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 12 oct 2016 a las 22:02.
            Copyrights © 1998-2017 All Rights Reserved Indonesia-Tourism.com | Powered by IndonesiaCommerce.com | Developed by DigitalMarketingPariwisata.com Wonderful Indonesia Visit : International Marketplace to find thousand of Products Live Chat Indonesia-Tourism.com ☰ _ + Live Chat Indonesia-Tourism.com
