Su población constituida por una mayoría Songhoy (Songhoi originales y los ture mestizos de españoles y marroquíes), que conviven con belás, árabes, tamasheqs, y algunos comerciantes que vienen del sur de Mali (Bambaras y bozos).
La población vive de la agricultura, especialmente del cultivo del tabaco, siendo Bamba la mayor productora de tabaco del norte de Mali.
Pero ninguna actividad se ha desarrollado con normalidad desde la ocupación y la guerra.
Con motivo de esta grave situación el proyecto que realiza MZC, con TEMEDT como contraparte en Mali, trata de combinar la distribución de ayuda, con la construcción de capacidades locales de las mujeres, con el fin de permitir un sustento económico, a la par que se trabaja de manera participativa en pro de una paz inclusiva.
Mali From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search For other uses, see Mali (disambiguation) .
Coordinates : 17°N 4°W ﻿ / ﻿ 17°N 4°W ﻿ / 17; -4 Republic of Mali République du Mali    ( French ) Mali ka Fasojamana    ( Bambara ) Flag Coat of arms Motto:  "Un peuple, un but, une foi"   (French) "One nation, one goal, one faith" Anthem:  Le Mali    (French) [1] Location of   Mali    ( green ) Capital and largest city Bamako 12°39′N 8°0′W ﻿ / ﻿ 12.650°N 8.000°W ﻿ / 12.650; -8.000 Official languages French National languages Bambara Bomu Tieyaxo Bozo Toro So Dogon Maasina Fulfulde Hassaniya Arabic Mamara Senoufo Kita Maninkakan Soninke Koyraboro Senni Syenara Senoufo Tamasheq Xaasongaxango Ethnic groups 50% Mande 17% Fula 12% Voltaic ( Senufo / Bwa ) 10% Tuareg / Moor 6% Songhai 4% other Demonym Malian Government Unitary semi-presidential republic •  President Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta •  Prime Minister Modibo Keita Legislature National Assembly Independence • from France a 20 June 1960 • as Mali 22 September 1960 Area • Total 1,240,192 km 2 (478,841 sq mi) ( 23rd ) • Water (%) 1.6 Population • April 2009 census 14,517,176 [2] ( 67th ) • Density 11.7/km 2 (30.3/sq mi) ( 215th ) GDP   ( PPP ) 2016 estimate • Total $30.990 billion [3] • Per capita $1,843 [4] GDP   (nominal) 2016 estimate • Total $11.880 billion [5] • Per capita $707 [6] Gini   (2010) 33.0 [7] medium HDI   (2013)  0.407 [8] low  ·  176th Currency West African CFA franc ( XOF ) Time zone GMT ( UTC +0) Drives on the right [9] Calling code +223 ISO 3166 code ML Internet TLD .ml
As the Sudanese Republic , with Senegal as the Mali Federation .
Mali ( i / ˈ m ɑː l i / ; French:  [maˈli] ), officially the Republic of Mali (French: République du Mali ), is a landlocked country in Africa .
Mali is the eighth-largest country in Africa , with an area of just over 1,240,000 square kilometres (480,000 sq mi).
The population of Mali is 14.5 million.
Mali consists of eight regions and its borders on the north reach deep into the middle of the Sahara Desert , while the country's southern part, where the majority of inhabitants live, features the Niger and Senegal rivers.
Some of Mali's prominent natural resources include gold, being the third largest producer of gold in the African continent, [10] and salt.
[12] Present-day Mali was once part of three West African empires that controlled trans-Saharan trade : the Ghana Empire , the Mali Empire (for which Mali is named), and the Songhai Empire .
[13] [14] At its peak in 1300, the Mali Empire covered an area about twice the size of modern-day France and stretched to the west coast of Africa.
[15] In the late 19th century, during the Scramble for Africa , France seized control of Mali, making it a part of French Sudan .
French Sudan (then known as the Sudanese Republic) joined with Senegal in 1959, achieving independence in 1960 as the Mali Federation .
Shortly thereafter, following Senegal's withdrawal from the federation, the Sudanese Republic declared itself the independent Republic of Mali.
After a long period of one-party rule, a coup in 1991 led to the writing of a new constitution and the establishment of Mali as a democratic, multi-party state.
In January 2012, an armed conflict broke out in northern Mali , in which Tuareg rebels took control of by April and declared the secession of a new state, Azawad .
[18] A month later, Malian and French forces recaptured most of the north.
Contents 1 History 1.1 French colonial rule 1.2 Moussa Traoré 1.2.1 March Revolution 1.3 Amadou Toumani Touré presidency 1.4 Northern Mali conflict 2 Geography 2.1 Regions and cercles 2.2 Extent of central government control 3 Politics and government 3.1 Foreign relations 3.2 Military 4 Economy 4.1 Agriculture 4.2 Mining 4.3 Energy 4.4 Transport infrastructure 5 Society 5.1 Demographics 5.2 Ethnicity 5.3 Languages 5.4 Religion 5.5 Education 5.6 Health 6 Culture 6.1 Music 6.2 Literature 6.3 Sport 6.4 Cuisine 6.5 Media 7 See also 8 References 9 Bibliography 10 External links History [ edit ] The extent of the Mali Empire 's peak The pages above are from Timbuktu Manuscripts written in Sudani script (a form of Arabic ) from the Mali Empire showing established knowledge of astronomy and mathematics.
Griots of Sambala , king of Médina ( Fula people , Mali), 1890.
Main article: History of Mali Mali was once part of three famed West African empires which controlled trans-Saharan trade in gold, salt, slaves , and other precious commodities.
[20] The Mali Empire later formed on the upper Niger River , and reached the height of power in the 14th century.
[20] Under the Mali Empire, the ancient cities of Djenné and Timbuktu were centers of both trade and Islamic learning.
The Songhai had long been a major power in West Africa subject to the Mali Empire's rule.
[20] In the late 14th century, the Songhai gradually gained independence from the Mali Empire and expanded, ultimately subsuming the entire eastern portion of the Mali Empire.
Mali fell under the control of France during the late 19th century.
[20] In early 1959, French Sudan (which changed its name to the Sudanese Republic) and Senegal united to become the Mali Federation .
The Mali Federation gained independence from France on 20 June 1960.
[20] Senegal withdrew from the federation in August 1960, which allowed the Sudanese Republic to become the independent Republic of Mali on 22 September 1960.
[20] In 1960, the population of Mali was reported to be about 4.1 million.
[23] In 1990, cohesive opposition movements began to emerge, and was complicated by the turbulent rise of ethnic violence in the north following the return of many Tuaregs to Mali.
] The coup is remembered as Mali's March Revolution of 1991.
[26] Amadou Toumani Touré presidency [ edit ] In 1992, Alpha Oumar Konaré won Mali's first democratic, multi-party presidential election, before being re-elected for a second term in 1997, which was the last allowed under the constitution.
[28] During this democratic period Mali was regarded as one of the most politically and socially stable countries in Africa.
[29] Slavery persists in Mali today with as many as 200,000 people held in direct servitude to a master.
[31] Northern Mali conflict [ edit ] Main article: Northern Mali conflict (2012–present) In January 2012 a Tuareg rebellion began in Northern Mali, led by the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad .
[34] However, Islamist groups including Ansar Dine and Al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) , who had helped the MNLA defeat the government, turned on the Tuareg and took control of the North [35] with the goal of implementing sharia in Mali.
On 30 January, the coordinated advance of the French and Malian troops claimed to have retaken the last remaining Islamist stronghold of Kidal, which was also the last of three northern provincial capitals.
[38] On 2 February, the French President, François Hollande , joined Mali's interim President, Dioncounda Traoré , in a public appearance in recently recaptured Timbuktu.
[39] Geography [ edit ] Satellite image of Mali Mali map of Köppen climate classification.
Landscape in Hombori Main article: Geography of Mali Mali is a landlocked country in West Africa, located southwest of Algeria .
Mali is bordered by Algeria to the northeast, Niger to the east, Burkina Faso and Côte d'Ivoire to the south, Guinea to the south-west, and Senegal and Mauritania to the west.
At 1,242,248 square kilometres (479,635 sq mi), including the disputed region of Azawad , Mali is the world's 24th-largest country and is comparable in size to South Africa or Angola .
[40] Mali is mostly flat, rising to rolling northern plains covered by sand .
Mali lies in the torrid zone and is among the hottest countries in the world.
[40] Most of Mali receives negligible rainfall and droughts are very frequent.
[40] The vast northern desert part of Mali has a hot desert climate ( Köppen climate classification ( BWh ) with long, extremely hot summers and scarce rainfall which decreases northwards.
Mali has considerable natural resources, with gold, uranium, phosphates , kaolinite , salt and limestone being most widely exploited.
Mali is estimated to have in excess of 17,400 tonnes of uranium (measured + indicated + inferred).
[43] Mali faces numerous environmental challenges, including desertification , deforestation , soil erosion , and inadequate supplies of potable water .
[40] Regions and cercles [ edit ] Main articles: Regions of Mali , Cercles of Mali , and Communes of Mali Mali is divided into eight regions ( régions ) and one district.
[45] Since Mali's regions are very large, the country is subdivided into 49 cercle s and 703 communes .
[46] The régions and Capital District are: Region name Area (km 2 ) Population Census 1998 Population Census 2009 Kayes 119,743 1,374,316 1,996,812 Koulikoro 95,848 1,570,507 2,418,305 Bamako Capital District 252 1,016,296 1,809,106 Sikasso 70,280 1,782,157 2,625,919 Ségou 64,821 1,675,357 2,336,255 Mopti 79,017 1,484,601 2,037,330 Tombouctou (Timbuktu) 496,611 442,619 681,691 Gao 170,572 341,542 544,120 Kidal 151,430 38,774 67,638 Extent of central government control [ edit ] In March 2012, the Malian government lost control over Tombouctou, Gao and Kidal Regions and the north-eastern portion of Mopti Region.
On 6 April 2012, the National Movement for the Liberation of Azawad unilaterally declared their secession from Mali as Azawad , an act that neither Mali nor the international community recognised .
Politics and government [ edit ] Main article: Politics of Mali Ex Malian Transition President Dioncounda Traoré Until the military coup of 22 March 2012 [17] [48] and a second military coup in December 2012, [49] Mali was a constitutional democracy governed by the Constitution of 12 January 1992, which was amended in 1999.
[50] [53] The unicameral National Assembly is Mali's sole legislative body, consisting of deputies elected to five-year terms.
[54] [57] Mali's constitution provides for an independent judiciary, [54] [58] but the executive continues to exercise influence over the judiciary by virtue of power to appoint judges and oversee both judicial functions and law enforcement.
[54] Mali's highest courts are the Supreme Court, which has both judicial and administrative powers, and a separate Constitutional Court that provides judicial review of legislative acts and serves as an election arbiter.
[54] Foreign relations [ edit ] Main article: Foreign relations of Mali Former President of Mali Amadou Toumani Touré and Minister-president of the Netherlands Mark Rutte Mali's foreign policy orientation has become increasingly pragmatic and pro-Western over time.
[60] Since the institution of a democratic form of government in 2002, Mali's relations with the West in general and with the United States in particular have improved significantly.
[60] Mali has a longstanding yet ambivalent relationship with France, a former colonial ruler .
[60] Mali was active in regional organizations such as the African Union until its suspension over the 2012 Malian coup d'état .
[60] [61] Working to control and resolve regional conflicts, such as in Ivory Coast , Liberia , and Sierra Leone , is one of Mali's major foreign policy goals.
[60] Mali feels threatened by the potential for the spillover of conflicts in neighboring states, and relations with those neighbors are often uneasy.
[60] Military [ edit ] Further information: Military of Mali Mali's military forces consist of an army, which includes land forces and air force, [62] as well as the paramilitary Gendarmerie and Republican Guard, all of which are under the control of Mali's Ministry of Defense and Veterans, headed by a civilian .
[63] Economy [ edit ] Main article: Economy of Mali A market scene in Djenné .
The Central Bank of West African States handles the financial affairs of Mali and additional members of the Economic Community of West African States .
Mali is one of the poorest countries in the world.
[64] Mali underwent economic reform, beginning in 1988 by signing agreements with the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund .
[64] During 1988 to 1996, Mali's government largely reformed public enterprises.
[64] In 2005, the Malian government conceded a railroad company to the Savage Corporation.
[64] Two major companies, Societé de Telecommunications du Mali ( SOTELMA ) and the Cotton Ginning Company ( CMDT ), were expected to be privatized in 2008.
[64] Between 1992 and 1995, Mali implemented an economic adjustment programme that resulted in economic growth and a reduction in financial imbalances.
The programme increased social and economic conditions, and led to Mali joining the World Trade Organization on 31 May 1995.
[65] Mali is also a member of the Organization for the Harmonization of Business Law in Africa ( OHADA ).
Mali is a part of "French Zone" ( Zone Franc ), which means that it uses CFA franc .
Mali is connected with the French government by agreement since 1962 (creation of BCEAO ).
Today all seven countries of BCEAO (including Mali) are connected to French Central Bank.
[68] Agriculture [ edit ] Mali's key industry is agriculture.
[69] [70] During 2002, 620,000 tons of cotton were produced in Mali but cotton prices declined significantly in 2003.
[69] [70] In addition to cotton, Mali produces rice, millet , corn , vegetables, tobacco, and tree crops.
Gold, livestock and agriculture amount to 80% of Mali's exports.
[64] Eighty percent of Malian workers are employed in agriculture.
15 percent of Malian workers are employed in the service sector.
[71] Mining [ edit ] In 1991, with the assistance of the International Development Association , Mali relaxed the enforcement of mining codes which led to renewed foreign interest and investment in the mining industry.
[72] Gold is mined in the southern region and Mali has the third highest gold production in Africa (after South Africa and Ghana ).
[69] The emergence of gold as Mali's leading export product since 1999 has helped mitigate some of the negative impact of the cotton and Ivory Coast crises.
[64] Energy [ edit ] See also: List of power stations in Mali Electricity and water are maintained by the Energie du Mali, or EDM, and textiles are generated by Industry Textile du Mali, or ITEMA.
[64] Mali has made efficient use of hydroelectricity , consisting of over half of Mali's electrical power.
In 2002, 700 GWh of hydroelectric power were produced in Mali.
[70] Energie du Mali is an electric company that provides electricity to Mali citizens.
Only 55% of the population in cities have access to EDM. [74] Transport infrastructure [ edit ] Main article: Transport in Mali In Mali, there is a railway that connects to bordering countries.
Society [ edit ] Demographics [ edit ] A Bozo girl in Bamako Main article: Demographics of Mali In July 2009, Mali's population was an estimated 14.5 million.
The population is predominantly rural (68 percent in 2002), and 5–10 percent of Malians are nomadic .
[75] In 2007, about 48 percent of Malians were younger than 12 years old, 49 percent were 15–64 years old, and 3 percent were 65 and older.
[62] Mali has one of the world's highest rates of infant mortality , [75] with 106 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2007.
[62]   v t e Largest cities or towns in Mali http://www.geonames.org/ML/largest-cities-in-mali.html
Bamako Sikasso 1 Bamako Bamako 1 297 281 2 Sikasso Sikasso 144 786 3 Mopti Mopti 108 456 4 Koutiala Sikasso 99 353 5 Kayes Ndi Kayes 97 464 6 Ségou Ségou 92 552 7 Gao Gao 87 000 8 Kayes Kayes 78 406 9 Morkala Ségou 53 738 10 Kolokani Koulikoro 48 774 Ethnicity [ edit ] The Tuareg are historic, nomadic inhabitants of northern Mali.
Mali's population encompasses a number of sub-Saharan ethnic groups.
[75] Collectively, the Bambara, Soninké , Khassonké , and Malinké (also called Mandinka ), all part of the broader Mandé group, constitute 50 percent of Mali's population.
An estimated 800,000 people in Mali are descended from slaves .
[30] Slavery in Mali has persisted for centuries.
There still persist certain hereditary servitude relationships, [78] [79] and according to some estimates, even today approximately 200,000 Malians are still enslaved.
[80] Although Mali has enjoyed a reasonably good inter-ethnic relationships based on the long history of coexistence, some hereditary servitude and bondage relationship exist, as well as ethnic tension between settled Songhai and nomadic Tuaregs of the north.
[75] Due to a backlash against the northern population after independence, Mali is now in a situation where both groups complain about discrimination on the part of the other group.
[81] This conflict also plays a role in the continuing Northern Mali conflict where there is a tension between both Tuaregs and the Malian government, and the Tuaregs and radical Islamists who are trying to establish sharia law .
[82] Languages [ edit ] Main article: Languages of Mali Mali's official language is French and over 40 African languages also are spoken by the various ethnic groups.
[75] About 80 percent of Mali's population can communicate in Bambara , which serves as an important lingua franca .
[75] Mali has 12 national languages beside French and Bambara , namely Bomu , Tieyaxo Bozo , Toro So Dogon , Maasina Fulfulde , Hassaniya Arabic , Mamara Senoufo , Kita Maninkakan , Soninke , Koyraboro Senni , Syenara Senoufo , Tamasheq and Xaasongaxango .
Religion [ edit ] Main article: Religion in Mali Religion in Mali [83] religion percent Islam    90% Christianity    5% Indigenous    5% A mosque entrance Islam was introduced to West Africa in the 11th century and remains the predominant religion in much of the region.
An estimated 90 percent of Malians are Muslim (mostly Sunni and Ahmadiyya [84] ), approximately 5 percent are Christian (about two-thirds Roman Catholic and one-third Protestant) and the remaining 5 percent adhere to indigenous or traditional animist beliefs .
[83] Atheism and agnosticism are believed to be rare among Malians, most of whom practice their religion on a daily basis.
[85] Islam as historically practiced in Mali has been moderate, tolerant, and adapted to local conditions; relations between Muslims and practitioners of minority religious faiths have generally been amicable.
[85] After the 2012 imposition of sharia rule in northern parts of the country, however, Mali came to be listed high (number 7) in the Christian persecution index published by Open Doors , which described the persecution in the north as severe.
[86] [87] Education [ edit ] Main article: Education in Mali High school students in Kati Public education in Mali is in principle provided free of charge and is compulsory for nine years between the ages of seven and sixteen.
[85] Mali's actual primary school enrollment rate is low, in large part because families are unable to cover the cost of uniforms, books, supplies, and other fees required to attend.
[85] Estimates of literacy rates in Mali range from 27–30 to 46.4 percent, with literacy rates significantly lower among women than men.
[88] Health [ edit ] Main article: Health in Mali Mali faces numerous health challenges related to poverty, malnutrition , and inadequate hygiene and sanitation .
[85] Mali's health and development indicators rank among the worst in the world.
[91] Medical facilities in Mali are very limited, and medicines are in short supply.
[90] Malaria and other arthropod -borne diseases are prevalent in Mali, as are a number of infectious diseases such as cholera and tuberculosis .
[90] Mali's population also suffers from a high rate of child malnutrition and a low rate of immunization .
[90] An estimated 85–91 percent of Mali's girls and women have had female genital mutilation (2006 and 2001 data).
[92] [93] Culture [ edit ] Main article: Culture of Mali Konoguel Mosque tower The varied everyday culture of Malians reflects the country's ethnic and geographic diversity.
[94] Most Malians wear flowing, colorful robes called boubous that are typical of West Africa.
Malians frequently participate in traditional festivals, dances, and ceremonies.
[94] Music [ edit ] Malian musical traditions are derived from the griots , who are known as "Keepers of Memories".
[95] Malian music is diverse and has several different genres.
Some famous Malian influences in music are kora virtuoso musician Toumani Diabaté , the late roots and blues guitarist Ali Farka Touré , the Tuareg band Tinariwen , and several Afro-pop artists such as Salif Keita , the duo Amadou et Mariam , Oumou Sangare , Rokia Traore , and Habib Koité .
Dance also plays a large role in Malian culture.
[96] Literature [ edit ] Though Mali's literature is less famous than its music, [97] Mali has always been one of Africa's liveliest intellectual centers.
[98] Mali's literary tradition is passed mainly by word of mouth, with jalis reciting or singing histories and stories known by heart.
[98] [99] Amadou Hampâté Bâ , Mali's best-known historian, spent much of his life writing these oral traditions down for the world to remember.
[99] The best-known novel by a Malian writer is Yambo Ouologuem 's Le devoir de violence , which won the 1968 Prix Renaudot but whose legacy was marred by accusations of plagiarism.
[98] [99] Other well-known Malian writers include Baba Traoré, Modibo Sounkalo Keita, Massa Makan Diabaté , Moussa Konaté , and Fily Dabo Sissoko .
[98] [99] Sport [ edit ] Malian children playing football in a Dogon village The most popular sport in Mali is football (soccer), [100] [101] which became more prominent after Mali hosted the 2002 African Cup of Nations .
[100] [102] Most towns and cities have regular games; [102] the most popular teams nationally are Djoliba AC , Stade Malien , and Real Bamako , all based in the capital.
[101] Basketball is another major sport; [101] [103] the Mali women's national basketball team , led by Hamchetou Maiga , competed at the 2008 Beijing Olympics .
[101] Cuisine [ edit ] Main article: Malian cuisine Malian tea Rice and millet are the staples of Malian cuisine , which is heavily based on cereal grains.
[105] [106] Malian cuisine varies regionally.
Media [ edit ] In Mali, there are several newspapers such as Les Echos , L'Essor , Info Matin , Nouvel Horizon , and Le Républicain .
[107] The Telecommunications in Mali include 869,600 mobile phones, 45,000 televisions and 414,985 internet users.
[108] See also [ edit ] Geography portal Africa portal Mali portal Ebola virus disease in Mali Index of Mali-related articles Mali conflict Outline of Mali References [ edit ] ^ Presidency of Mali: Symboles de la République, L'Hymne National du Mali .
^ "Mali preliminary 2009 census" .
^ IMF World Economic Outlook (WEO),2016 http://knoema.com/atlas/Mali/GDP-PPP-based
^ IMF World Economic Outlook (WEO),2016 http://knoema.com/atlas/Mali/GDP-per-capita-PPP-based
^ IMF World Economic Outlook (WEO),2016 http://knoema.com/atlas/Mali/GDP
^ IMF World Economic Outlook (WEO),2016 http://knoema.com/atlas/Mali/GDP-per-capita
^ Mali gold reserves rise in 2011 alongside price .
^ Mali Empire (ca.
^ Lydia Polgreen and Alan Cowell, "Mali Rebels Proclaim Independent State in North" , The New York Times (6 April 2012) ^ a b UN Security council condemns Mali coup .
^ "Mali – la France a mené une série de raids contre les islamistes" .
^ a b c Mali country profile , p. 1. ^ a b c d e f g h i j k l m n Mali country profile .
Mali was later responsible for the collapse of Islamic Slave Army from the North.
The defeat of Tukuror Slave Army, was repeated by Mali against the France and Spanish Expeditionary Army in the 1800s ("Blanc et memoires"). .
ISBN 0-521-68297-5 ^ Core document forming part of the reports of states parties: Mali .
^ a b c d e f g Mali country profile , p. 3. ^ " Mali's nomads face famine ".
Mali March 1991 Revolution ^ a b Nesbitt, Katherine.
"Mali's March Revolution (1991)" .
"Mali's March to Democracy" .
^ Mali country profile , p. 4. ^ USAID Africa: Mali .
"Mali conflict puts freedom of 'slave descendants' in peril" .
"Mali chaos gives rise to slavery, persecution" .
^ Mali clashes force 120 000 from homes .
^ Callimachi, Rukmini (3 April 2012) "Post-coup Mali hit with sanctions by African neighbours" .
^ "Tuareg rebels declare independence in north Mali" .
"Islamists declare full control of Mali's north" .
^ "Mali Islamists want sharia not independence" .
[ dead link ] ^ "Mali Possibilities and Challenges for Transitional Justice in Mali" .
French troops retake the last remaining Islamist urban stronghold in Mali.
^ "Mali conflict: Timbuktu hails French President Hollande" .
^ a b c d e Mali country profile , p. 5. ^ Uranium Mine Ownership – Africa .
^ Muller, CJ and Umpire, A (22 November 2012) An Independent Technical Report on the Mineral Resources of Falea Uranium, Copper and Silver Deposit, Mali, West Africa .
^ DiPiazza , p. 37. ^ Loi N°99-035/ Du 10 Aout 1999 Portant Creation des Collectivites Territoriales de Cercles et de Regions (PDF) (in French), Ministère de l'Administration Territoriales et des Collectivités Locales, République du Mali, 1999   ^ "Tuareg rebels declare the independence of Azawad, north of Mali" .
^ Video: US condemns Mali coup amid reports of looting .
^ Hossiter, Adam (12 December 2012) Mali’s Prime Minister Resigns After Arrest, Muddling Plans to Retake North .
The New York Times ^ a b c d e f Mali country profile , p. 14. ^ Constitution of Mali , Art. 30.
^ Constitution of Mali , Art. 29 & 46.
^ Constitution of Mali , Art. 38.
^ a b c d e f Mali country profile , p. 15. ^ Constitution of Mali , Art. 59 & 61.
Mali: "Résultats définitifs des Législatives" .
^ Constitution of Mali , Art. 65. ^ Constitution of Mali , Art. 81.
^ Constitution of Mali , Art. 83–94.
^ a b c d e f g Mali country profile , p. 17. ^ "ion suspends Mali over coup" .
"Mali" .
^ a b Mali country profile , p. 18. ^ a b c d e f g h i "Mali" .
^ Mali and the WTO .
^ Mali country profile , p. 9. ^ Zone franc sur le site de la Banque de France .
"Mali's Golden Hope" .
^ Farvacque-Vitkovic, Catherine et al. (September 2007) DEVELOPMENT OF THE CITIES OF MALI — Challenges and Priorities .
World Bank ^ a b c d e f g Mali country profile , p. 6. ^ "Mali Demographics Profile 2014" .
"Mali's Other Crisis: Slavery Still Plagues Mali, And Insurgency Could Make It Worse" .
^ " Kayaking to Timbuktu, Original National Geographic Adventure Article discussing Slavery in Mali ".
"Al-Qaeda complicating anti-slavery drive in Mali" .
Mali's conflict and a 'war over skin colour' , Afua Hirsch, The Guardian , Friday 6 July 2012.
^ a b International Religious Freedom Report 2008: Mali .
^ a b c d e f g h i j k l Mali country profile , p. 7. ^ Report points to 100 million persecuted Christians. .
^ "Université de Bamako – Bamako, Mali" .
^ CIA World Factbook : Life Expectancy ranks ^ a b c d e Mali country profile , p. 8. ^ Nourishing communities through holistic farming , Impatient optimists, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation .
Mali: A Prospect of Peace?
Mali Resource Website [ permanent dead link ] .
Embassy of the Republic of Mali in Japan .
^ "Malian Men Basketball" .
"Ruiz looks to strengthen Mali roster ahead of Beijing" .
"Culture of Mali" .
Bibliography [ edit ] "Constitution of Mali" (PDF) (in French).
Mali in Pictures .
"Mali country profile" (PDF) .
Mali (in French).
Mali .
External links [ edit ] Find more about Mali at Wikipedia's sister projects Definitions from Wiktionary Media from Commons News from Wikinews Quotations from Wikiquote Texts from Wikisource Textbooks from Wikibooks Travel guide from Wikivoyage Learning resources from Wikiversity Wikimedia Atlas of Mali Mali travel guide from Wikivoyage Official website "Mali" .
The European Union mission in Mali – Hungary's involvement in the mission War at the background of Europe: The crisis of Mali Mali from UCB Libraries GovPubs Mali at DMOZ Hungarian soldiers in EUTM MALI Mali profile from the BBC News Possibilities and Challenges for Transitional Justice in Mali from the ICTJ Trade Mali 2012 Trade Summary Statistics v t e Mali   articles History Ghana Empire Pre-Imperial Mali Mali Empire Songhai Empire Bamana Empire Kénédougou Kingdom Kaarta Massina Empire Toucouleur Empire Wassoulou Empire French Sudan Mali Federation 2012 Tuareg rebellion 2012 coup Northern Mali conflict Ebola disease event Geography Cercles Cities Communes Environmental issues Mountains National parks Regions Rivers Wildlife Politics Constitution Elections Foreign relations Human rights Law enforcement Military National Assembly Political parties President Prime Minister Economy Foreign aid Telecommunications Tourism Transport Society Demographics Ethnic groups Education Health Languages Religion Slavery Women Culture Cuisine Films Flag Literature Media Music Polygamy Public holidays Outline Index Category Portal v t e Countries and territories of Africa Sovereign states entirely in Africa Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic of the Congo Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon The Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) Kenya Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe partly in Africa France Mayotte Réunion Italy Pantelleria Pelagie Islands Portugal Madeira Spain Canary Islands Ceuta Melilla Plazas de soberanía Yemen Socotra Territories and dependencies Îles Éparses France Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha UK Southern Provinces (Western Sahara) 1 States with limited recognition Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic Somaliland 1 Unclear sovereignty .
International membership v t e African Union (AU) History Pan-Africanism Casablanca Group Monrovia Group Abuja Treaty Sirte Declaration Lome Summit Organisation of African Unity Chairperson Secretary General Geography Borders Extreme points Member states Regions Organs Executive Council Permanent Representatives' Committee Specialized Technical Committees Assembly Chairperson Commission Chairperson Deputy Chairperson AUCC Pan-African Parliament Bureau Secretariat Gallagher Estate African Court of Justice African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights ECOSOCC Committees Peace and Security Political Affairs Infrastructure and Energy Social Affairs and Health HR, Sciences and Technology Trade and Industry Rural Economy and Agriculture Economic Affairs Women and Gender Cross-Cutting Programs Financial Institutions African Central Bank African Monetary Fund African Investment Bank Peace and Security Council ACIRC African Standby Force Panel of the Wise UNAMID AMIB AMIS AMISOM MISCA Politics APRM Foreign relations African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights Enlargement Symbols Anthem Emblem Flag Economy Currencies Development Bank African Economic Community NEPAD African Free Trade Zone Tripartite Free Trade Area Culture Africa Day Languages Theory Afro United States of Africa United States of Latin Africa Category v t e Community of Sahel-Saharan States Benin Burkina Faso Central African Republic Chad Comoros Djibouti Egypt Eritrea The Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Ivory Coast Liberia Libya Mali Morocco Niger Nigeria Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia Sudan Togo Tunisia v t e La Francophonie Category Membership Members Albania Andorra Armenia Belgium French Community Benin Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada New Brunswick Quebec Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Cyprus 1 Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic of the Congo Djibouti Dominica Egypt Equatorial Guinea France French Guiana Guadeloupe Martinique St. Pierre and Miquelon Gabon Ghana 1 Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Haïti Ivory Coast Laos Luxembourg Lebanon Macedonia 2 Madagascar Mali Mauritania Mauritius Moldova Monaco Morocco Niger Qatar Romania Rwanda St. Lucia São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Seychelles Switzerland Togo Tunisia Vanuatu Vietnam Observers Austria Bosnia and Herzegovina Croatia Czech Republic Dominican Republic Georgia Hungary Latvia Lithuania Montenegro Mozambique Poland Serbia Slovakia Slovenia Thailand Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay 1 Associate member. 2 Provisionally referred to by the Francophonie as the "former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia"; see Macedonia naming dispute .
Organization Agence de Coopération Culturelle et Technique (ACCT) Agence universitaire de la Francophonie (AUF) Secretaries-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali ( Egypt ) Abdou Diouf ( Senegal ) Michaëlle Jean ( Canada ) Culture French language UN French Language Day International Francophonie Day Jeux de la Francophonie Prix des cinq continents de la francophonie Senghor University AFFOI TV5Monde LGBT rights v t e Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) Members Afghanistan Albania Algeria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Benin Burkina Faso Brunei Cameroon Chad Comoros Djibouti Egypt Gabon Gambia Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Indonesia Iran Iraq Ivory Coast Jordan Kuwait Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Lebanon Libya Maldives Malaysia Mali Mauritania Morocco Mozambique Niger Nigeria Oman Pakistan Palestine Qatar Saudi Arabia Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia Sudan Suriname Tajikistan Turkey Tunisia Togo Turkmenistan Uganda Uzbekistan United Arab Emirates Yemen Suspended Syria Observers Countries and territories Bosnia and Herzegovina Central African Republic Northern Cyprus 1 Russia Thailand Muslim communities Moro National Liberation Front International organizations Economic Cooperation Organization African Union Arab League Non-Aligned Movement United Nations 1 As the "Turkish Cypriot State".
Authority control WorldCat Identities VIAF : 160696874 GND : 4074505-3 SELIBR : 153286 BNF : cb11932407g (data) HDS : 3455 NDL : 00567492 Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Mali&oldid=762458723 " Categories : Mali Former French colonies French-speaking countries and territories Landlocked countries Least developed countries Member states of the Organisation internationale de la Francophonie Member states of the African Union Member states of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation Member states of the United Nations Republics States and territories established in 1960 West African countries Muslim-majority countries 1960 establishments in Africa Hidden categories: All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from September 2016 Articles with permanently dead external links Articles with dead external links from June 2016 CS1 French-language sources (fr) Articles with French-language external links Pages using ISBN magic links Coordinates on Wikidata Use dmy dates from November 2015 Articles containing French-language text Articles containing Bambara-language text Articles including recorded pronunciations All articles lacking reliable references Articles lacking reliable references from July 2013 Articles containing Fula-language text Articles with DMOZ links Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Wikipedia articles with SELIBR identifiers Wikipedia articles with BNF identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikiquote Wikiversity Wikivoyage Languages Acèh Адыгабзэ Afrikaans Alemannisch አማርኛ العربية Aragonés ܐܪܡܝܐ Arpetan Asturianu Azərbaycanca تۆرکجه Bamanankan বাংলা Bahasa Banjar Bân-lâm-gú Башҡортса Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ भोजपुरी Bikol Central Български བོད་ཡིག Bosanski Brezhoneg Буряад Català Чӑвашла Cebuano Čeština ChiShona Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ދިވެހިބަސް Dolnoserbski Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Estremeñu Euskara Eʋegbe فارسی Fiji Hindi Føroyskt Français Frysk Fulfulde Gaeilge Gaelg Gagauz Gàidhlig Galego 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî Хальмг 한국어 Hausa Հայերեն हिन्दी Hornjoserbsce Hrvatski Ido Igbo Ilokano বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Interlingue Ирон IsiZulu Íslenska Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ Kapampangan ქართული Қазақша Kernowek Kinyarwanda Kiswahili Kongo Kreyòl ayisyen Kurdî Кыргызча Кырык мары Ladino Latina Latviešu Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Ligure Limburgs Lingála Livvinkarjala Luganda Lumbaart Magyar Македонски Malagasy മലയാളം Malti मराठी მარგალური مصرى مازِرونی Bahasa Melayu Baso Minangkabau Mìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄ Монгол မြန်မာဘာသာ Nāhuatl Nederlands Nedersaksies नेपाली नेपाल भाषा 日本語 Нохчийн Nordfriisk Norfuk / Pitkern Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Novial Occitan ଓଡ଼ିଆ Oromoo Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча ਪੰਜਾਬੀ पालि پنجابی Papiamentu پښتو Patois Piemontèis Plattdüütsch Polski Português Qaraqalpaqsha Qırımtatarca Română Runa Simi Русиньскый Русский Саха тыла Sámegiella संस्कृतम् Sängö Sardu Scots Seeltersk Sesotho Sesotho sa Leboa Shqip Sicilianu සිංහල Simple English SiSwati Slovenčina Slovenščina Ślůnski Soomaaliga کوردیی ناوەندی Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Basa Sunda Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Taqbaylit Татарча/tatarça ไทย ትግርኛ Тоҷикӣ Türkçe Türkmençe Українська اردو ئۇيغۇرچە / Uyghurche Vèneto Vepsän kel’ Tiếng Việt Volapük Võro Walon 文言 West-Vlams Winaray Wolof 吴语 Xitsonga ייִדיש Yorùbá 粵語 Zazaki Zeêuws Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 28 January 2017, at 23:23.
Te interesa | Mundo Busque en Te Interesa: búsqueda Buscar Portada Presidente Trump Argumentos Economikón Emprendedores El Tiempo Mundo http://www.teinteresa.es/mundo/presidente-Mali-hacerse-pruebas-medicas_0_1733826646.html
aprueba a Elaine Chao como secretaria de Transporte 19:43 Lola Casademunt ofrece dualismo y Naulover un toque de chic romántico en 080 19:40 Ana Pastor consolida el adelanto de los Plenos una hora, pero hará nuevas propuestas de conciliación en el Congreso LO MÁS 1 Resumen de prensa: El Rey emérito, en el ‘caso Pujol’; caos por la orden de Trump 2 Los dirigentes mundiales censuran la orden de Trump que limita la entrada en EEUU 3 Resumen de prensa: bronca a la Policía en el caso Pujol; Googlers contra Trump 4 Mogherini: UE seguirá apoyando la caída de muros y a quienes huyen de guerra 5 La carta biográfica de Zuckerberg que defiende un EEUU de inmigrantes 6 La maldita hemeroteca deja en evidencia al vicepresidente de Trump 7 Trump defiende la prohibición y asegura que no es agradable "buscar a terroristas" 8 La norteamericana Starbucks desafía a Trump contratando a diez mil refugiados 9 Liberado el portavoz del prokurdo HDP horas después de ser detenido en Ankara 10 Más de 30 muertos por beber agua contaminada en el suroeste de Somalia 11 Al menos cuatro muertos en un tiroteo en una mezquita de Quebec 12 Bruselas avisa a Trump que "garantizará que no haya discriminación" a europeos con doble nacionalidad 13 El presidente de Malí coge "unos días de reposo" para hacerse pruebas médicas 14 Tanzania suspende las operaciones en la mina de oro afectada por un derrumbe la semana pasada 15 Jueces federales de otros cuatro estados cuestionan la orden ejecutiva de Trump 16 Un exviceministro de Perú sospechoso de tráfico de influencias anuncia que se entregará a la Justicia 17 Donald Trump destituye a la fiscal general de EEUU tras oponerse a su orden ejecutiva sobre inmigración 18 Dónde y cómo pasar tus vacaciones más felices 19 Trump firma una orden contra la excesiva regulación a las empresas 20 Al Maliki acusa a Obama de crear el Estado Islámico 21 Registrado un nuevo enfrentamiento entre militares de India y Pakistán en Cachemira 22 Cazeneuve da un tibio apoyo a Hamon para hacer frente común de cara a las elecciones 23 El primer ministro belga dice a Trump que fracasará "si da la espalda" a Europa 24 Al menos 67 países han sufrido una reducción de su calidad democrática en 2016, según Freedom House 25 Un palestino de 19 años muerto por disparos del Ejército israelí en Yenín, Cisjordania 26 El Departamento de Seguridad Nacional confirma que 375 pasajeros se han visto afectados por la orden ejecutiva 27 Al menos 27 pasajeros detenidos en aeropuertos de Estados Unidos tras la orden ejecutiva de Trump 28 Freedom House teme que EEUU con Trump no de prioridad a los derechos humanos Descuentos Exclusivos Amazon Consigue 10€ de descuento Groupon 25% y 10€ en la web Ebay aprovecha nuestro código del 15% Nike Consigue un 30% de descuento con nuestro cupón Expedia ahórrate 35€ Cortes Ingles 10€ de descuento Aliexpress 15€ en tu compras online Zalando 10% menos en tu compras Kit Buenos Días « Diciembre Enero 2017 Febrero » Lun Mar Mie Jue Vie Sab Dom 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Portada Presidente Trump Argumentos Economikón Emprendedores El Tiempo > ¿Por qué estamos aquí?
Finalmente, sin embargo, no tendrá lugar en fecha alguna: las autoridades malienses suspendieron este fin de semana los conciertos por el riesgo de nuevos atentados, tras el ataque contra una base militar de Gao del pasado 18 de enero, en el que murieron 77 personas.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World selected Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability World selected Africa selected Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Africa Africa Mali country profile 1 September 2016 From the section Africa Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-13881370
Close share panel The landlocked West African country of Mali experienced rapid economic growth after the 1990s, coupled with a flourishing democracy and relative social stability.
After independence from France in 1960, Mali suffered droughts, rebellions, a coup and 23 years of military dictatorship until democratic elections in 1992.
Mali is self-sufficient in food and is also one of Africa's major cotton producers.
A chronic foreign trade deficit makes it nonetheless heavily dependent on foreign aid and remittances from Malians working abroad.
Mali is renowned worldwide for having produced some of the stars of African music, most notably Salif Keita.
Read more country profiles - Profiles by BBC Monitoring FACTS Republic of Mali Capital: Bamako Population 14.8 million Area 1.25 million sq km (482,077 sq miles) Major languages French, Bambara, Berber, Arabic Religions Islam, indigenous beliefs Life expectancy 51 years (men), 53 years (women) Currency CFA (Communaute Financiere Africaine) franc UN, World Bank Getty Images LEADERS President: Ibrahim Boubacar Keita Image copyright Getty Images Ibrahim Boubacar Keita took office in September 2013, promising to help unify the country after a rebellion, a coup and an Islamic insurgency.
MEDIA Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The great mosque of Djenne is one of the continent's most notable landmarks Mali's broadcast and print media were long hailed as being among the freest in Africa.
Read full media profile TIMELINE Some key dates in Mali's history: Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Niger River serves as the country's main transport and trade artery 11th century - Empire of Mali becomes dominant force in the upper Niger basin.
14th-15th centuries - Decline of the Empire of Mali, which loses dominance of the gold trade to the Songhai Empire.
1898 - France completes conquest of Mali, then called French Sudan.
1960 - Mali becomes independent with Modibo Keita as president.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption French troops intervened after Islamists seized parts of Mali in 2012 Read full timeline Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Country profiles: Africa Around the BBC BBC Weather: Mali Related Internet links Presidency of Mali Mali Web The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories Rudd: Trump travel ban could help IS The home secretary warns that the president's travel restrictions are a "propaganda opportunity".
LEARN MORE » Sections Home Search Skip to content Skip to navigation The New York Times Mali | Search Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com
Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Advertisement Supported by Mali News about Mali, including commentary and archival articles published in The New York Times.
By JOHN OTIS Dec. 27, 2016 Heat, Hunger and War Force Africans Onto a ‘Road on Fire’ The men and boys on the migrant trail out of countries like Niger and Mali say fickle rains and hotter days leave them no option but to risk their lives to gain a livelihood.
Text by SOMINI SENGUPTA Dec. 15, 2016 Times Video Militant Regrets Destroying Shrine Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi expressed regret for his role in the destruction of holy shrines in Mali.
By MARLISE SIMONS Aug. 22, 2016 Mali Extends State of Emergency After 17 Soldiers Are Killed A recent spate of attacks by armed groups in Mali has killed dozens and destabilized the vast desert country.
July 20, 2016 Op-Ed Contributor Confronting Mali’s New Jihadist Threat Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has a dangerous new franchise, and Mali’s government has only itself to blame.
May 9, 2016 Malian Man Who Killed U.S. Diplomat Is Sentenced to 25 Years Alhassane Mohamed, who shot William Bultemeier during a carjacking in Niger in 2000 and twice escaped custody in Africa, will serve his term in the United States.
April 26, 2016 Malick Sidibé, Photographer Known for Social Reportage in Mali, Dies at 80 Mr. Sidibé’s 1960s black-and-white photos of young partygoers in his native country captured the exuberance of new freedom.
By WILLIAM GRIMES April 16, 2016 Lens Malick Sidibé: Creative Force of African Culture A current solo show of the influential Malian photographer features glimpses of bodies that suggest a concealed, sensual beauty rather than something explicit.
By FAYEMI SHAKUR April 11, 2016 Attack Reported on Mali Hotel Used by European Union Military The European Union’s military mission said in a Twitter post that its headquarters in Bamako had been assaulted.
By DIONNE SEARCEY, ERIC SCHMITT and RUKMINI CALLIMACHI March 15, 2016 Feeling For Vintage Street Style From Mali, Now on T-shirts The photographer Malick Sidibé teamed up with the brand Primitive Modern on a limited-edition collection.
By BOOTH MOORE March 14, 2016 Review: ‘They Will Have to Kill Us First’ Documents Malian Music in Exile Johanna Schwartz’s film follows musicians in exile after Islamic jihadists banned music in their home country.
By JEANNETTE CATSOULIS March 3, 2016 Prosecutors Lay Out Case Against Suspect in Destruction of Mali Shrines Prosecutors in The Hague laid out charges in their first case involving Islamic extremism, accusing Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi of destroying shrines in Timbuktu.
By KARIN LIPSON Feb. 12, 2016 World Briefing Senegal: Vigilant Police Cast a Wide Net The police had questioned about 900 people over the past few days as part of a heightened security operation after terrorist attacks in Burkina Faso and Mali.
Jan. 26, 2016 World Briefing Mali: Video Is Released of Swiss Captive The terrorist group Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb released a video of a Swiss nun who had been kidnapped in northern Mali.
By DONALD G. McNEIL Jr. Jan. 11, 2016 Show More Skip to Navigation Recent Videos Militant Regrets Destroying Shrine Aug. 22, 2016 U.N. Reacts to Attack in Mali Nov. 20, 2015 In Mali, Freed Hotel Hostages Speak Nov. 20, 2015 Search Articles 696 results for sorted by newest The Neediest Cases Giving Up ‘Mostly Everything’ to Care for His Wife When Abdou Travare’s wife, Ramata, learned she had dementia, he quit his job to be by her side.
By JOHN OTIS Dec. 27, 2016 Heat, Hunger and War Force Africans Onto a ‘Road on Fire’ The men and boys on the migrant trail out of countries like Niger and Mali say fickle rains and hotter days leave them no option but to risk their lives to gain a livelihood.
Text by SOMINI SENGUPTA Dec. 15, 2016 Times Video Militant Regrets Destroying Shrine Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi expressed regret for his role in the destruction of holy shrines in Mali.
By MARLISE SIMONS Aug. 22, 2016 Mali Extends State of Emergency After 17 Soldiers Are Killed A recent spate of attacks by armed groups in Mali has killed dozens and destabilized the vast desert country.
July 20, 2016 Op-Ed Contributor Confronting Mali’s New Jihadist Threat Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb has a dangerous new franchise, and Mali’s government has only itself to blame.
May 9, 2016 Malian Man Who Killed U.S. Diplomat Is Sentenced to 25 Years Alhassane Mohamed, who shot William Bultemeier during a carjacking in Niger in 2000 and twice escaped custody in Africa, will serve his term in the United States.
April 26, 2016 Malick Sidibé, Photographer Known for Social Reportage in Mali, Dies at 80 Mr. Sidibé’s 1960s black-and-white photos of young partygoers in his native country captured the exuberance of new freedom.
By WILLIAM GRIMES April 16, 2016 Lens Malick Sidibé: Creative Force of African Culture A current solo show of the influential Malian photographer features glimpses of bodies that suggest a concealed, sensual beauty rather than something explicit.
By FAYEMI SHAKUR April 11, 2016 Attack Reported on Mali Hotel Used by European Union Military The European Union’s military mission said in a Twitter post that its headquarters in Bamako had been assaulted.
By DIONNE SEARCEY, ERIC SCHMITT and RUKMINI CALLIMACHI March 15, 2016 Feeling For Vintage Street Style From Mali, Now on T-shirts The photographer Malick Sidibé teamed up with the brand Primitive Modern on a limited-edition collection.
By BOOTH MOORE March 14, 2016 Review: ‘They Will Have to Kill Us First’ Documents Malian Music in Exile Johanna Schwartz’s film follows musicians in exile after Islamic jihadists banned music in their home country.
By JEANNETTE CATSOULIS March 3, 2016 Prosecutors Lay Out Case Against Suspect in Destruction of Mali Shrines Prosecutors in The Hague laid out charges in their first case involving Islamic extremism, accusing Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi of destroying shrines in Timbuktu.
By KARIN LIPSON Feb. 12, 2016 World Briefing Senegal: Vigilant Police Cast a Wide Net The police had questioned about 900 people over the past few days as part of a heightened security operation after terrorist attacks in Burkina Faso and Mali.
Jan. 26, 2016 World Briefing Mali: Video Is Released of Swiss Captive The terrorist group Al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb released a video of a Swiss nun who had been kidnapped in northern Mali.
﻿ ﻿ Visítenos Amigos del MALI Apoya al MALI Agenda ﻿ Museo Exposiciones Colección Restauración Biblioteca Servicios Proyectos Noticias Tienda Historia Misión y Visión Organización Transparencia El Nuevo MALI cerrar Actuales Próximas Anteriores cerrar Presentación Colección virtual El arte en el Perú Herramientas educativas Textos de pared cerrar Historia Servicios cerrar Visítanos Visitas guiadas cerrar Catálogo Biblioteca y archivo Servicios cerrar Alquiler de ambientes Restauración Permisos de reproducción Biblioteca cerrar Proyectos en curso Proyectos pasados cerrar Presentación Establecimientos afiliados Formulario de inscripción cerrar Presentación Recuperando obras del museo Infraestructura Subastas Eventos benéficos cerrar Este mes en el museo Próximos eventos cerrar Actuales Archivo de noticias cerrar cerrar Sábados en el MALI (experimentación artística de 14:00 a 16:00 h) En febrero: taller de Trama, urdimbre & diseño | Gratis con tu entrada... DomingueArte (domingos de 10:30 a 14:30 h) Talleres creativos y visitas guiadas gratis con tu entrada al museo... #NocheMALI y concierto gratuito de Pipe Villarán con La 69 Band Viernes 3/Feb.
| Ingreso gratuito de 17 a 22 h | Concierto a las 20 h... Programación 2017 en el MALI Un adelanto de las exposiciones y obras teatrales que se presentarán este año en el museo... 11/Feb: XI Subasta y Fiesta de Verano del MALI (preventa hasta el 31/Ene) En Asia | Donación: desde S/ 250 (incluye subasta, cóctel y fiesta)... VeraneArte 2017: Cursos y talleres de verano del MALI Inscripciones abiertas | Próximo inicio: a partir del 1 de febrero... Síguenos en:           Suscribirse por RSS     Suscribirse al Boletín Enviar Inicio | Visítenos | Educación MALI | Exposiciones Temporales | La Colección | Agenda | Noticias | Servicios | Conservación y Restauración Biblioteca | Tienda | Proyectos Especiales | Amigos del Museo | Apoya al MALI | Nuevo MALI | El Museo | Contáctenos | Mapa Paseo Colón 125, Parque de la Exposición, Lima 1, Perú.
Email: informes@mali.pe
Library Secondary Navigation Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Home Library Publications Resources The World Factbook   Please select a country to view World Afghanistan Akrotiri Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Arctic Ocean Argentina Armenia Aruba Ashmore and Cartier Islands Atlantic Ocean Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas, The Bahrain Baker Island Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia French Southern and Antarctic Lands Gabon Gambia, The Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Howland Island Hungary Iceland India Indian Ocean Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jarvis Island Jersey Johnston Atoll Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kingman Reef Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Midway Islands Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Navassa Island Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pacific Ocean Pakistan Palau Palmyra Atoll Panama Papua New Guinea Paracel Islands Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Southern Ocean South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Pacific Island Wildlife Refuges Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe European Union ABOUT History Copyright and Contributors Purchasing Did You Know? REFERENCES Regional and World Maps Flags of the World Gallery of Covers Definitions and Notes Guide to Country Profiles Guide to Country Comparisons The World Factbook Users Guide APPENDICES A: abbreviations B: international organizations and groups C: selected international environmental agreements D: cross-reference list of country data codes E: cross-reference list of hydrographic data codes F: cross-reference list of geographic names G: weights and measures FAQ s CONTACT Africa :: MALI Page last updated on January 12, 2017 The World Factbook × Africa :: MALI Flag Description three equal vertical bands of green (hoist side), yellow, and red note: uses the popular Pan-African colors of Ethiopia; the colors from left to right are the same as those of neighboring Senegal (which has an additional green central star) and the reverse of those on the flag of neighboring Guinea The World Factbook × Africa :: MALI View 4 photos of MALI The World Factbook × Africa :: MALI 1 / 4 Caption A remarkably clear satellite image of northwestern Africa vividly displays the extent of the Sahara.
Mali extends across the arid desert, through the Sahelian region, and into a fertile southern Sudanese region.
Agency Copyright Notice 2 / 4 Caption This satellite photo shows dozens of fires burning in the African countries of Senegal (left) and Mali (right).
Agency Copyright Notice 3 / 4 Caption In the middle of Mali, part of the landscape gleams like a giant emerald in the otherwise arid brown African Sahel.
Agency Copyright Notice 4 / 4 Caption Coursing through parched, landlocked Mali, the Niger River flows north through an ancient sand sea before turning sharply east to skirt the edge of the dune-striped Sahara; it then heads south, through Niger, Benin, and Nigeria, to the Gulf of Guinea.
At the confluence of the Bani and Niger Rivers in Mali lies a vast Inner Niger Delta the size of Belgium and composed of narrows, twisting waterways, lagoons, and tiny islands (some of which are shown here).
Agency Copyright Notice Previous Next The World Factbook × Africa :: MALI Introduction :: MALI Background: The Sudanese Republic and Senegal became independent of France in 1960 as the Mali Federation.
When Senegal withdrew after only a few months, what formerly made up the Sudanese Republic was renamed Mali.
President Alpha KONARE won Mali's first two democratic presidential elections in 1992 and 1997.
In keeping with Mali's two-term constitutional limit, he stepped down in 2002 and was succeeded by Amadou Toumani TOURE, who was elected to a second term in a 2007 election that was widely judged to be free and fair.
Malian returnees from Libya in 2011 exacerbated tensions in northern Mali, and Tuareg ethnic militias rebelled in January 2012.
The post-coup chaos led to rebels expelling the Malian military from the country's three northern regions and allowed Islamic militants to set up strongholds.
Hundreds of thousands of northern Malians fled the violence to southern Mali and neighboring countries, exacerbating regional food shortages in host communities.
The Malian Government and northern armed groups signed an internationally-mediated peace accord in June 2015.
Geography :: MALI Location: interior Western Africa, southwest of Algeria, north of Guinea, Cote d'Ivoire, and Burkina Faso, west of Niger Geographic coordinates: 17 00 N, 4 00 W Map references: Africa Area: total: 1,240,192 sq km land: 1,220,190 sq km water: 20,002 sq km country comparison to the world: 24 Area - comparative: slightly less than twice the size of Texas Land boundaries: total: 7,908 km border countries (7): Algeria 1,359 km, Burkina Faso 1,325 km, Cote d'Ivoire 599 km, Guinea 1,062 km, Mauritania 2,236 km, Niger 838 km, Senegal 489 km Coastline: 0 km (landlocked) Maritime claims: none (landlocked) Climate: subtropical to arid; hot and dry (February to June); rainy, humid, and mild (June to November); cool and dry (November to February) Terrain: mostly flat to rolling northern plains covered by sand; savanna in south, rugged hills in northeast Elevation: mean elevation: 343 m elevation extremes: lowest point: Senegal River 23 m highest point: Hombori Tondo 1,155 m Natural resources: gold, phosphates, kaolin, salt, limestone, uranium, gypsum, granite, hydropower note: bauxite, iron ore, manganese, tin, and copper deposits are known but not exploited Land use: agricultural land: 34.1% arable land 5.6%; permanent crops 0.1%; permanent pasture 28.4% forest: 10.2% other: 55.7% (2011 est.)
Irrigated land: 3,780 sq km (2012) Population - distribution: the overwhelming majority of the population lives in the southern half of the country, with greater density along the border with Burkina Faso Natural hazards: hot, dust-laden harmattan haze common during dry seasons; recurring droughts; occasional Niger River flooding Environment - current issues: deforestation; soil erosion; desertification; inadequate supplies of potable water; poaching Environment - international agreements: party to: Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Ozone Layer Protection, Wetlands, Whaling signed, but not ratified: none of the selected agreements Geography - note: landlocked; divided into three natural zones: the southern, cultivated Sudanese; the central, semiarid Sahelian; and the northern, arid Saharan People and Society :: MALI Population: 17,467,108 (July 2016 est.) country comparison to the world: 65 Nationality: noun: Malian(s) adjective: Malian Ethnic groups: Bambara 34.1%, Fulani (Peul) 14.7%, Sarakole 10.8%, Senufo 10.5%, Dogon 8.9%, Malinke 8.7%, Bobo 2.9%, Songhai 1.6%, Tuareg 0.9%, other Malian 6.1%, from member of Economic Community of West African States 0.3%, other 0.4% (2012-13 est.)
Languages: French (official), Bambara 46.3%, Peul/Foulfoulbe 9.4%, Dogon 7.2%, Maraka/Soninke 6.4%, Malinke 5.6%, Sonrhai/Djerma 5.6%, Minianka 4.3%, Tamacheq 3.5%, Senoufo 2.6%, Bobo 2.1%, unspecified 0.7%, other 6.3% note: Mali has 13 national languages in addition to its official language (2009 est.)
Demographic profile: Mali’s total population is expected to double by 2035; its capital Bamako is one of the fastest-growing cities in Africa.
Despite decreases, Mali’s infant, child, and maternal mortality rates remain among the highest in sub-Saharan Africa because of limited access to and adoption of family planning, early childbearing, short birth intervals, the prevalence of female genital cutting, infrequent use of skilled birth attendants, and a lack of emergency obstetrical and neonatal care.
Mali’s high total fertility rate has been virtually unchanged for decades, as a result of the ongoing preference for large families, early childbearing, the lack of female education and empowerment, poverty, and extremely low contraceptive use.
Slowing Mali’s population growth by lowering its birth rate will be essential for poverty reduction, improving food security, and developing human capital and the economy.
Mali has a long history of seasonal migration and emigration driven by poverty, conflict, demographic pressure, unemployment, food insecurity, and droughts.
Many Malians from rural areas migrate during the dry period to nearby villages and towns to do odd jobs or to adjoining countries to work in agriculture or mining.
Pastoralists and nomads move seasonally to southern Mali or nearby coastal states.
Others migrate long term to Mali’s urban areas, Cote d’Ivoire, other neighboring countries, and in smaller numbers to France, Mali’s former colonial ruler.
Since the early 1990s, Mali’s role has grown as a transit country for regional migration flows and illegal migration to Europe.
Between early 2012 and 2013, renewed fighting in northern Mali between government forces and Tuareg secessionists and their Islamist allies, a French-led international military intervention, as well as chronic food shortages, caused the displacement of hundreds of thousands of Malians.
Most of those displaced domestically sought shelter in urban areas of southern Mali, except for pastoralist and nomadic groups, who abandoned their traditional routes, gave away or sold their livestock, and dispersed into the deserts of northern Mali or crossed into neighboring countries.
Almost all Malians who took refuge abroad (mostly Tuareg and Maure pastoralists) stayed in the region, largely in Mauritania, Niger, and Burkina Faso.
Age structure: 0-14 years: 47.27% (male 4,145,290/female 4,110,642) 15-24 years: 19.19% (male 1,601,474/female 1,751,161) 25-54 years: 26.82% (male 2,173,415/female 2,511,844) 55-64 years: 3.76% (male 327,923/female 329,296) 65 years and over: 2.95% (male 257,519/female 258,544) (2016 est.) population pyramid: The World Factbook × Africa :: MALI Population Pyramid A population pyramid illustrates the age and sex structure of a country's population and may provide insights about political and social stability, as well as economic development.
Government :: MALI Country name: conventional long form: Republic of Mali conventional short form: Mali local long form: Republique de Mali local short form: Mali former: French Sudan and Sudanese Republic note: name derives from the West African Mali Empire of the 13th to 16th centuries A.D. Government type: semi-presidential republic Capital: name: Bamako geographic coordinates: 12 39 N, 8 00 W time difference: UTC 0 (5 hours ahead of Washington, DC, during Standard Time) Administrative divisions: 8 regions (regions, singular - region), 1 district*; District de Bamako*, Gao, Kayes, Kidal, Koulikoro, Mopti, Segou, Sikasso, Tombouctou (Timbuktu); note - two new regions, Menaka and Taoudenni, were reportedly created in early 2016, but these have not yet been vetted by the US Board on Geographic Names Independence: 22 September 1960 (from France) National holiday: Independence Day, 22 September (1960) Constitution: several previous; latest drafted August 1991, approved by referendum 12 January 1992, effective 25 February 1992; amended 1999, suspended briefly in 2012 (2016) Legal system: civil law system based on the French civil law model and influenced by customary law; judicial review of legislative acts in Constitutional Court International law organization participation: has not submitted an ICJ jurisdiction declaration; accepts ICCt jurisdiction Citizenship: citizenship by birth: no citizenship by descent only: at least one parent must be a citizen of Mali dual citizenship recognized: yes residency requirement for naturalization: 5 years Suffrage: 18 years of age; universal Executive branch: chief of state: President Ibrahim Boubacar KEITA (since 4 September 2013) head of government: Prime Minister Modibo KEITA (since 8 January 2015) cabinet: Council of Ministers appointed by the prime minister elections/appointments: president directly elected by absolute majority popular vote in 2 rounds if needed for a 5-year term (eligible for a second term); election last held on 28 July 2013 with a runoff on 11 August 2013 (election delayed from April 2012 due to a coup in March 2012); prime minister appointed by the president election results: Ibrahim Boubacar KEITA elected president in runoff; percent of vote - Ibrahim Boubacar KEITA (RPM) 77.6%, Soumaila CISSE (URD) 22.4% Legislative branch: description: unicameral National Assembly or Assemblee Nationale (147 seats; members directly elected in single-seat constituencies by absolute majority vote in two rounds if needed; members serve 5-year terms) elections: last held in two rounds on 24 November and 15 December 2013 (next to be held in 2018); note - the scheduled July 2012 election was canceled due to a coup d'etat and the Tuareg Rebellion election results: percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - FDR coalition 69 (RPM 66, PARENA 3), ADP coalition 37 (ADEMA-PASG 16, URD 17, CNID 4), FARE 6, CODEM 5, SADI 5, ASMA-CFP 3, PDES 3, MPR 3, independent 4, other 12; note - 13 seats were from voters abroad Judicial branch: highest court(s): Supreme Court or Cour Supreme (consists of 19 members organized into 3 civil chambers and a criminal chamber); Constitutional Court (consists of 9 members) judge selection and term of office: Supreme Court members appointed by the Ministry of Justice to serve 5-year terms; Constitutional Court members selected - 3 each by the president, the National Assembly, and the Supreme Council of the Magistracy; members serve single renewable 7-year terms subordinate courts: subordinate courts: Court of Appeal; High Court of Justice (jurisdiction limited to cases of high treason or criminal offenses by the president or ministers while in office); magistrate courts; first instance courts; labor dispute courts; special court of state security Political parties and leaders: African Solidarity for Democracy and Independence or SADI [Oumar MARIKO] Alliance for Democracy in Mali-Pan-African Party for Liberty, Solidarity, and Justice or ADEMA-PASJ [Dionconda TRAORE] Alliance for Democracy and Progress or ADP (coalition including ADEMA and URD formed in December 2006 to support the presidential candidacy of Amadou TOURE) Alliance for the Solidarity of Mali-Convergence of Patriotic Forces or ASMA-CFP [Soumeylou Boubeye MAIGA] Alternative Forces for Renewal and Emergence or FARE [Modibo SIDIBE] Convergence for the Development of Mali or CODEM [Housseyni Amion GUINDO] Economic and Social Development Party or PDES [Jamille BITTAR] Front for Democracy and the Republic or FDR (coalition including RPM and PARENA formed to oppose the presidential candidacy of Amadou TOURE) National Congress for Democratic Initiative or CNID [Mountaga TALL] Party for National Renewal or PARENA [Tiebile DRAME] Patriotic Movement for Renewal or MPR [Choguel Kokalla MAIGA] Rally for Mali or RPM [Ibrahim Boubacar KEITA] (ruling party) Union for Republic and Democracy or URD [Younoussi TOURE] Political pressure groups and leaders: other: the army; Islamic authorities; state-run cotton company CMDT International organization participation: ACP, AfDB, AU, CD, ECOWAS, EITI (compliant country), FAO, FZ, G-77, IAEA, IBRD, ICAO, ICCt, ICRM, IDA, IDB, IFAD, IFC, IFRCS, ILO, IMF, Interpol, IOC, IOM, IPU, ISO, ITSO, ITU, ITUC (NGOs), MIGA, MONUSCO, NAM, OIC, OIF, OPCW, UN, UNAMID, UNCTAD, UNESCO, UNIDO, UNISFA, UNMISS, UNWTO, UPU, WADB (regional), WAEMU, WCO, WFTU (NGOs), WHO, WIPO, WMO, WTO Diplomatic representation in the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Tiena COULIBALY (since 18 November 2014) chancery: 2130 R Street NW, Washington, DC 20008 telephone: [1] (202) 332-2249, 939-8950 FAX: [1] (202) 332-6603 Diplomatic representation from the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Paul A. FOLMSBEE (since 2015) embassy: located just off the Roi Bin Fahad Aziz Bridge just west of the Bamako central district mailing address: ACI 2000, Rue 243, Porte 297, Bamako telephone: [223] 2070-2300 FAX: [223] 2070-2479 Flag description: three equal vertical bands of green (hoist side), yellow, and red note: uses the popular Pan-African colors of Ethiopia; the colors from left to right are the same as those of neighboring Senegal (which has an additional green central star) and the reverse of those on the flag of neighboring Guinea National symbol(s): Great Mosque of Djenne; national colors: green, yellow, red National anthem: name: "Le Mali" (Mali) lyrics/music: Seydou Badian KOUYATE/Banzoumana SISSOKO note: adopted 1962; also known as "Pour L'Afrique et pour toi, Mali" (For Africa and for You, Mali) and "A ton appel Mali" (At Your Call, Mali) Economy :: MALI Economy - overview: Among the 25 poorest countries in the world, Mali is a landlocked country that depends on gold mining and agricultural exports for revenue.
Mali remains dependent on foreign aid.
Mali is developing its iron ore extraction industry to diversify foreign exchange earnings away from gold, but the pace will largely depend on global price trends.
Mali’s economic performance has improved since 2013 although physical insecurity, high population growth, corruption, weak infrastructure, and low levels of human capital remain hindrances to sustained growth.
Energy :: MALI Electricity - production: 1.5 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 145 Electricity - consumption: 1.4 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 149 Electricity - exports: 0 kWh (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 147 Electricity - imports: 0 kWh (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 161 Electricity - installed generating capacity: 600,000 kW (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 140 Electricity - from fossil fuels: 48.4% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 151 Electricity - from nuclear fuels: 0% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 107 Electricity - from hydroelectric plants: 51.6% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 47 Electricity - from other renewable sources: 0% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 186 Crude oil - production: 0 bbl/day (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 169 Crude oil - exports: 0 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 144 Crude oil - imports: 0 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 140 Crude oil - proved reserves: 0 bbl (1 January 2016 es) country comparison to the world: 150 Refined petroleum products - production: 0 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 155 Refined petroleum products - consumption: 7,500 bbl/day (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 162 Refined petroleum products - exports: 0 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 166 Refined petroleum products - imports: 7,486 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 151 Natural gas - production: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 149 Natural gas - consumption: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 171 Natural gas - exports: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 123 Natural gas - imports: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 212 Natural gas - proved reserves: 0 cu m (1 January 2014 es) country comparison to the world: 148 Carbon dioxide emissions from consumption of energy: 800,000 Mt (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 171 Communications :: MALI Telephones - fixed lines: total subscriptions: 169,006 subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 1 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 136 Telephones - mobile cellular: total: 22.699 million subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 134 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 50 Telephone system: general assessment: domestic system improving; increasing use of local radio loops to extend network coverage to remote areas domestic: fixed-line subscribership remains less than 1 per 100 persons; mobile-cellular subscribership has increased sharply to over 130 per 100 persons international: country code - 223; satellite communications center and fiber-optic links to neighboring countries; satellite earth stations - 2 Intelsat (1 Atlantic Ocean, 1 Indian Ocean) (2015) Broadcast media: national public TV broadcaster; 2 privately owned companies provide subscription services to foreign multi-channel TV packages; national public radio broadcaster supplemented by a large number of privately owned and community broadcast stations; transmiss (2007) Internet country code: .ml
Internet users: total: 1.753 million percent of population: 10.3% (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 38 Transportation :: MALI National air transport system: number of registered air carriers: 1 inventory of registered aircraft operated by air carriers: 2 (2015) Civil aircraft registration country code prefix: TZ, TT (2016) Airports: 25 (2013) country comparison to the world: 129 Airports - with paved runways: total: 8 over 3,047 m: 1 2,438 to 3,047 m: 4 1,524 to 2,437 m: 2 914 to 1,523 m: 1 (2013) Airports - with unpaved runways: total: 17 1,524 to 2,437 m: 3 914 to 1,523 m: 9 under 914 m: 5 (2013) Heliports: 2 (2013) Railways: total: 593 km narrow gauge: 593 km 1.000-m gauge (2014) country comparison to the world: 111 Roadways: total: 22,474 km paved: 5,522 km unpaved: 16,952 km (2009) country comparison to the world: 103 Waterways: 1,800 km (downstream of Koulikoro; low water levels on the River Niger cause problems in dry years; in the months before the rainy season the river is not navigable by commercial vessels) (2011) country comparison to the world: 43 Ports and terminals: river port(s): Koulikoro (Niger) Military and Security :: MALI Military branches: Malian Armed Forces: Army (Armee de Terre), Republic of Mali Air Force (Force Aerienne de la Republique du Mali, FARM), National Guard (Garde National du Mali) (2013) Military service age and obligation: 18 years of age for selective compulsory and voluntary military service; 2-year conscript service obligation (2012) Military expenditures: 1.44% of GDP (2012) 1.51% of GDP (2011) 1.44% of GDP (2010) country comparison to the world: 68 Transnational Issues :: MALI Disputes - international: demarcation is underway with Burkina Faso Refugees and internally displaced persons: refugees (country of origin): 13,539 (Mauritania) (2015) IDPs: 36,690 (Tuareg rebellion since 2012) (2016) Trafficking in persons: current situation: Mali is a source, transit, and destination country for men, women, and children subjected to forced labor and sex trafficking; internal trafficking is more prevalent than transnational trafficking, but foreign women and girls are forced into domestic servitude, agricultural labor, and support roles in gold mines, as well as subjected to sex trafficking; Malian boys are forced to work in agricultural settings, gold mines, the informal commercial sector and to beg within Mali and neighboring countries; Malians and other Africans who travel through Mali to Mauritania, Algeria, or Libya in hopes of reaching Europe are particularly at risk of becoming victims of human trafficking; men and boys, primarily of Songhai ethnicity, are subjected to debt bondage in the salt mines of Taoudenni in northern Mali; some members of Mali's Tamachek community are subjected to hereditary slavery-related practices; Malian women and girls are victims of sex trafficking in Gabon, Libya, Lebanon, and Tunisia; the recruitment of child soldiers by armed groups in northern Mali decreased tier rating: Tier 2 Watch List - Mali does not fully comply with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking; however, it is making significant efforts to do so; in 2014, Mali was granted a waiver from an otherwise required downgrade to Tier 3 because its government has a written plan that, if implemented would constitute making significant efforts to bring itself into compliance with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking; officials failed to distribute the 2012 anti-trafficking law to judicial and law enforcement personnel, perpetuating a lack of understanding and awareness of the legislation; anti-trafficking law enforcement efforts decreased in 2014, with only one case investigated and no prosecutions or convictions; fewer victims were identified, and the government did not support the privately funded NGOs and international organizations it relied upon to provide victims with services; the government did not conduct any awareness-raising campaigns, workshops, or training sessions (2015) About CIA Today's CIA Leadership CIA Vision, Mission, Ethos & Challenges Headquarters Tour CIA Museum History of the CIA Publications Review Board Accessibility FAQs NoFEAR Act Site Policies Careers & Internships Career Opportunities Student Opportunities Application Process Life at CIA Benefits Diversity Military Transition Tools and Challenges FAQs Video Center Offices of CIA Intelligence & Analysis Clandestine Service Science & Technology Support to Mission Digital Innovation Mission Centers Human Resources Public Affairs General Counsel Equal Employment Opportunity Congressional Affairs Inspector General Military Affairs News & Information Blog Press Releases & Statements Speeches & Testimony CIA & the War on Terrorism Featured Story Archive Your News Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Kids' Zone K-5th Grade 6-12th Grade Parents & Teachers Games Related Links Privacy Statement Connect with CIA CIA Twitter CIA Facebook CIA YouTube CIA Flickr PhotoStream RSS Contact Us * Required plugins Adobe® Flash Player Adobe® Reader® MS Word Viewer Footer Navigation Privacy Copyright Site Policies USA.gov FOIA DNI.gov NoFEAR Act Inspector General Contact CIA Site Map back to top
Find out more about cookies GOV.UK Search Search Home Passports, travel and living abroad Travel abroad Foreign travel advice Foreign travel advice Mali Summary Current travel advice Safety and security Terrorism Sahel Region Local laws and customs Entry requirements Health Natural disasters Money Contact FCO Travel Advice Team Subscriptions Get updates email feed Summary Still current at: 31 January 2017 Updated: 20 January 2017 Latest update: Summary - on 18 January 2017, a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device detonated inside a military camp in Gao, northern Mali, killing over 50 people including Malian armed forces and UN contractors Download map (PDF) The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) advise against all travel to: the provinces of Tombouctou, Kidal, Gao and Mopti parts of the provinces of Kayes, Koulikoro and Segou, as shown on the map The FCO advise against all but essential travel to the rest of Mali.
On 18 January 2017, a vehicle-borne improvised explosive device detonated inside a military camp in Gao, northern Mali.
Over 50 people, including Malian armed forces and UN contractors were killed.
On 4 April 2016, the Malian government agreed to re-introduce a state of emergency.
Attacks are highly likely in northern Mali, though the threat exists throughout the country.
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs dating more from the guardian: dating jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the AU edition International switch to the UK edition switch to the US edition switch to the Australia edition The Guardian home › world europe US americas asia australia africa middle east cities development home UK world selected sport football opinion culture business lifestyle fashion environment tech travel browse all sections close Mali January 2017 Mali cancels return of famous music festival after al-Qaida attack Published: 30 Jan 2017 Mali cancels return of famous music festival after al-Qaida attack Mali suicide bomber kills at least 50 people in Gao military camp Published: 18 Jan 2017 Mali suicide bomber kills at least 50 people in Gao military camp December 2016 Guardian Africa network Skilled, determined and broke: Africa's female football pioneers Despite social and sporting progress, even the best teams at the Women’s Africa Cup of Nations struggle to fund friendlies Published: 3 Dec 2016 Skilled, determined and broke: Africa's female football pioneers November 2016 Drug-resistant TB rates in west Africa much higher than previously thought New surveillance network finds drug resistance a much bigger threat than had been assumed Published: 3 Nov 2016 Drug-resistant TB rates in west Africa much higher than previously thought October 2016 EU seeks swift action on African migration deals to ease pressure on Italy Leaders at Brussels summit will call for more efforts to reduce irregular migrants and want agreements in place by spring Published: 20 Oct 2016 EU seeks swift action on African migration deals to ease pressure on Italy US aid worker kidnapped in Niger Niger government confirms abduction of American resident as governor in neighbouring Mali puts out alert for vehicle Published: 15 Oct 2016 US aid worker kidnapped in Niger American non-government worker reportedly kidnapped in Niger At least two people reportedly killed by gunfire as hostage taken from Niger town of Abalak across the border to Mali Published: 15 Oct 2016 American non-government worker reportedly kidnapped in Niger Guardian Africa network The wrong side of the fence: a Malian refugee on trying to reach Europe Abou Bakar Sidibé – whose 18-month wait to get to Spain has been made into a film – recalls trauma, hardship and camaraderie Published: 14 Oct 2016 The wrong side of the fence: a Malian refugee on trying to reach Europe Guardian Africa network Malick Sidibé: 'There wasn't a youth trend he didn't photograph' Published: 6 Oct 2016 Malick Sidibé: 'There wasn't a youth trend he didn't photograph' Isis and al-Qaida turf wars in Africa may push fragile states to breaking point Published: 6 Oct 2016 Isis and al-Qaida turf wars in Africa may push fragile states to breaking point Guardian Africa network Parliament for the people: the architect rebuilding Burkina Faso's political heart Published: 4 Oct 2016 Parliament for the people: the architect rebuilding Burkina Faso's political heart September 2016 ICC ruling for Timbuktu destruction 'should be deterrent for others' Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi’s trial was first at international criminal court to focus on cultural destruction as a war crime Published: 27 Sep 2016 ICC ruling for Timbuktu destruction 'should be deterrent for others' Spotlight on Africa Africa's portable solar revolution is thwarting thieves Published: 26 Sep 2016 Africa's portable solar revolution is thwarting thieves Angelina Jolie says UN undermined by sexual abuse by peacekeepers Published: 8 Sep 2016 Angelina Jolie says UN undermined by sexual abuse by peacekeepers August 2016 From Timbuktu to Grimsby, heritage deserves to be restored and revered Simon Jenkins Historic buildings possess a cultural vitality.
Failing to repair them is a loss to our communal memory Published: 25 Aug 2016 From Timbuktu to Grimsby, heritage deserves to be restored and revered Jihadi apologises for destroying mausoleums in Mali – video He destroyed nine mausoleums and a mosque door in Timbuktu in 2012 Published: 22 Aug 2016 Jihadi apologises for destroying mausoleums in Mali – video Jonathan Jones on art Destroying priceless art is vile and offensive – but it is not a war crime Culture can be renewed, remade.
As Ahmad al-Mahdi goes on trial for razing Timbuktu’s precious mausoleums, we should remember what The Hague is for: preventing the mass murder of human beings Published: 22 Aug 2016 Destroying priceless art is vile and offensive – but it is not a war crime 'I am sorry': Islamist apologises for destroying Timbuktu mausoleums Ahmad al-Mahdi faces up to 11 years in jail after becoming first international criminal court defendant to enter a guilty plea Published: 22 Aug 2016 'I am sorry': Islamist apologises for destroying Timbuktu mausoleums Islamic extremist's trial over Timbuktu cultural destruction to open at The Hague Published: 21 Aug 2016 Islamic extremist's trial over Timbuktu cultural destruction to open at The Hague Refugees claim abuse by soldiers as Mali's conflict spreads Published: 17 Aug 2016 Refugees claim abuse by soldiers as Mali's conflict spreads Women's rights and gender equality Threat of marriage hangs over young Malian refugee girls in Mauritania Published: 10 Aug 2016 Threat of marriage hangs over young Malian refugee girls in Mauritania July 2016 Exhibition of Malick Sidibé photography to open in London Special project showcasing the work of the award-winning ‘eye of Bamako’, who died in April, will run at Somerset House from 6 October to 15 January 2017 Published: 27 Jul 2016 Exhibition of Malick Sidibé photography to open in London Old Towns of Djenné: precious mud village could disappear, Unesco warns World heritage site in Mali featuring elaborate pre-Islamic structures is placed on danger list amid fears it cannot be protected in face of regional unrest Published: 14 Jul 2016 Old Towns of Djenné: precious mud village could disappear, Unesco warns June 2016 Bodies of 34 migrants found in Niger desert Five men, nine women and 20 children abandoned by people smugglers die while trying to reach Algeria Published: 16 Jun 2016 Bodies of 34 migrants found in Niger desert Syrian refugees find a welcome and some familiar fragility in Mali Despite its poverty and security problems, Mali has provided a haven for some fleeing Syria’s civil war Published: 1 Jun 2016 Syrian refugees find a welcome and some familiar fragility in Mali May 2016 Malian jihadi to plead guilty in ICC cultural destruction trial Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi will ask people of Mali for forgiveness when he admits to war crimes charges in The Hague Published: 24 May 2016 Malian jihadi to plead guilty in ICC cultural destruction trial Art of work: how Conservatoire graduates are bucking Mali's unemployment trend Under the guiding hand of renowned artist Abdoulaye Konaté, the Balla Fasséké Kouyaté Conservatory is improving its students’ prospects Published: 2 May 2016 Art of work: how Conservatoire graduates are bucking Mali's unemployment trend April 2016 Malick Sidibé obituary Photographer whose portraits captured the energy of post-independence Mali Published: 28 Apr 2016 Malick Sidibé obituary End FGM Guardian Global Media Campaign A family at war: saving my granddaughter from FGM Assetou Sy Thirty years ago, US anti-FGM campaigner Assetou Sy refused to cut her daughter.
Decades later in New York, another battle began Published: 26 Apr 2016 A family at war: saving my granddaughter from FGM An appreciation: Malick Sidibé, 1936-2016 The Malian photographer Malick Sidibé, who died last week, framed the essence of his country in the decades following independence Published: 16 Apr 2016 An appreciation: Malick Sidibé, 1936-2016 Malick Sidibé, 1936-2016 – in pictures The Malian photographer’s pictures captured a nation on the move Published: 16 Apr 2016 Malick Sidibé, 1936-2016 – in pictures Malian photographer Malick Sidibé dies aged 80 Published: 15 Apr 2016 Malian photographer Malick Sidibé dies aged 80 Three French soldiers killed in Mali mine blast Published: 13 Apr 2016 Three French soldiers killed in Mali mine blast End FGM Guardian Global Media Campaign Why Malians must forge anti-FGM feeling themselves Published: 5 Apr 2016 Why Malians must forge anti-FGM feeling themselves March 2016 Aid worker wellbeing 'I was raped and my counsellor asked me what I had been wearing' Danielle Dryke was raped while she was a Peace Corps volunteer in Mali.
She didn’t expect her counsellor to make her feel that the attack was her fault Published: 31 Mar 2016 'I was raped and my counsellor asked me what I had been wearing' About 626 results for Mali 1 2 3 4 … 18 next Topics Africa Middle East and North Africa Al-Qaida Photography International criminal court More… Refugees International criminal justice Niger Europe Nigeria United Nations Islamic State Heritage Conflict and development Art Venice Biennale Ghana Mauritania South Africa Somalia The Guardian back to top home UK world selected sport football opinion culture business lifestyle fashion environment tech travel all sections close home UK education media society law scotland wales northern ireland world selected europe US americas asia australia africa middle east cities development sport football cricket rugby union F1 tennis golf cycling boxing racing rugby league football live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs opinion columnists culture film tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical business economics banking retail markets eurozone lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion environment climate change wildlife energy pollution tech travel UK europe US skiing money property savings pensions borrowing careers science professional networks the observer today's paper editorials & letters obituaries g2 weekend the guide saturday review sunday's paper comment the new review observer magazine membership crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Facebook Twitter Facebook Twitter all topics all contributors solve technical issue complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies.
Log in Sign up Mali Info/News @ Mali Bamako, Mali The latest news for the country of Mali en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mali
29,817 Tweets 2 Following 92,785 Followers Tweets Mali Info/News @ Mali 7h Adobe Coffeeshop.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 28 .com
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 28 German government escalates neocolonial war in Mali.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 24 Mali: UN Condemns Attack On Kidal Base That Kills One Peacekeeper.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 23 On Mali, proceed with maximum caution.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 22 Azerbaijani MPs to attend 12th Session of PUIC Conference.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 22 .com
| 14 members of pro-govt militia killed in Mali attack.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 20 The AU strongly condemns the terrorist attack against the.... bit.ly/2j3rQfn
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 20 Jobs for the girls: the silent revolution in Australia's workforce.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 20 .com
| French military: Death toll in Mali base attack rises to 77. bit.ly/2j0EAne
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 19 Finland prepares for 'manifold warfare' as Russia feeds paranoia.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 19 Al Qaeda has claimed a massive suicide attack that left at least 50 dead in Mali.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 19 Death toll in Mali suicide blast rises to at least 60.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 Suicide bombing in Mali "direct attack against peace process": UN peacekeeping chief.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 AQIM claims massive suicide attack on Malian base.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 Attack in northern Mali kills 33, injures dozens more.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 France says Mali army camp explosion is major "symbolic attack".
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 At least 37 killed in car bomb explosion in northern Mali.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 Suicide bomb attack on pro-govt militia camp in Mali kills 37. bit.ly/2iQMLCr
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 Attack in northern Mali kills 33, wounds dozens more.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 18 Twenty-five dead in car bomb attack on Mali military camp - army.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 15 West Africa: Mali's Keita Hails 'Loyal' Hollande At France-Africa Summit.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 14 27th Africa-France summit to focus on security.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 13 Czech president invites pope to mark 75th anniversary of Lidice.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 12 Nigeria: Buhari Off to Gambia for Ecowas Mediation.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 12 West Africa: French President Says Farewell to Africa.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 12 Czech soldier decorated for anti-terrorist action in Mali.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 11 Africa-France Summit Bamako, Mali 13 - 14 January 2017.
View details · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 6 .com
| Former rebels enter key Mali city for mixed patrols with army.
View summary · Mali Info/News @ Mali Jan 2 Mali Returns Deportees To France.
