Sigiriya De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya Nombre descrito en la Lista del Patrimonio de la Humanidad Vista de la Roca de Sigiriya .
Coordenadas 7°57′25″N 80°45′35″E ﻿ / ﻿ 7.9569444444444, 80.759722222222 Coordenadas : 7°57′25″N 80°45′35″E ﻿ / ﻿ 7.9569444444444, 80.759722222222 País   Sri Lanka Tipo Cultural Criterios ii, iii, iv N.° identificación 202 Región Asia y Oceanía Año de inscripción 1982 (VI sesión ) [ editar datos en Wikidata ] Sigiriya es un yacimiento arqueológico en el distrito de Matale , en la provincia Central , de Sri Lanka .
Índice 1 Ubicación 2 Restos arqueológicos 3 Historia 4 Leyendas del origen del sitio 4.1 Jardines 4.2 Palacio bajo 5 Curiosidades 6 Véase también 7 Referencias 8 Enlaces externos Ubicación [ editar ] La roca de Sigiriya es el resto de una erupción de magma endurecido de un extinto y largamente erosionado volcán .
Restos arqueológicos [ editar ] Sigiriya, [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] consiste en un antiguo complejo construido por el rey Kasyapa durante el siglo 5 d.C.
El sitio de Sigiriya contiene ruinas de un palacio situado en la parte superior de los roqueríos, una terraza de medio nivel que incluye la Puerta del León y el muro de espejo con sus frescos, el palacio inferior, que se interna bajo la roca, además de los fosos , muros y jardines que se extienden por cientos de metros desde la base de la roca.
Historia [ editar ] Sigiriya se presume haber sido habitada desde tiempos prehistóricos.
Él mismo escribió el popular libro "Historia de Sigiriya".
Sabiendo del inevitable regreso de Mogallana, se dice que Kasyapa construyó el palacio en la cumbre del Sigiriya como una fortaleza palaciega.
Palacio bajo [ editar ] Ruinas al pie de la roca de Sigiriya Una celda del palacio bajo.
Curiosidades [ editar ] Sigiriya es usado como localización de muchos de los sucesos contados en novelas de ciencia ficción como The Fountains of Paradise de Arthur C. Clarke , aunque Clarke cambió el nombre a Yakkagala en su libro.
Véase también [ editar ] Sigiriya Official UNESCO website entry Sigiriya - The Lion Mountain en:Place names in Sri Lanka Referencias [ editar ] ↑ LankaLibrary: The Kandy Mail Coach ↑ "Pearl of the Indian Ocean" by Priyanka Singh, The Tribune , 10 de agosto 2003 .
Enlaces externos [ editar ] Wikimedia Commons alberga contenido multimedia sobre Sigiriya Commons .
Sigiriya Frescoes Wasp Attacks on tourists at Sigiriya Video: Digital recreation of what Sigiriya may have looked like The History of the Lion Rock The Story of Sigiriya The Mary B. Wheeler Collection, University of Pennsylvania Library Sigiriya Narratives The Citadel City Sigiriya - The Lion Mountain Sri Lanka Tourist Board - Ancient Cities Sigiriya the magnificent creation Sigiriya The palace and fortress in the sky A List of traditional names of cities in Sri Lanka About Sigiriya Kingdom & Photos Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sigiriya&oldid=90624838 » Categorías : Cuellos volcánicos Volcanes de Sri Lanka Yacimientos arqueológicos de Sri Lanka Patrimonio de la Humanidad en Sri Lanka Historia de Sri Lanka Palacios de Sri Lanka Categoría oculta: Wikipedia:Artículos con coordenadas en Wikidata Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas العربية Беларуская বাংলা Bosanski Català Cebuano Čeština Deutsch English فارسی Français עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Հայերեն Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 ქართული 한국어 Lietuvių मैथिली മലയാളം नेपाली Nederlands Norsk bokmål Polski Português Română Русский Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски සිංහල Slovenčina Svenska தமிழ் ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 22 abr 2016 a las 10:24.
Skip to Content Search Sigiriya and beyond Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Close Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Asia / Sri Lanka Sigiriya is carved from the bedrock Hotels Restaurants Map Books Community Welcome to Sigiriya Rising from the central plains, the iconic rocky outcrop of Sigiriya is perhaps Sri Lanka's single most dramatic sight.
Near-vertical walls soar to a flat-topped summit that contains the ruins of an ancient civilisation, thought to be once the epicentre of the short-lived kingdom of Kassapa, and there are spellbinding vistas across mist-wrapped forests in the early morning... Read More Top experiences in Sigiriya Sights in Sigiriya See all sights Amazing hotels and hostels We've pre-picked the best hotels, hostels and bed and breakfasts to make your stay as enjoyable as possible.
Check-in Check-out Number of guests 1 Guest 2 Guests 3 Guests 4 Guests 5 Guests 6 Guests 7 Guests 8 Guests 9 Guests Search or skip this step and see all hotels & hostels Food and drink Chooti Sri Lankan See More Launch map view © Mapbox © OpenStreetMap Improve this map Travel guides Starting at $24.99 Ready to go? Get to the heart of Sigiriya with one of Lonely Planet's in-depth, award-winning guidebooks.
Go to store Sigiriya photo credits Newsletter sign up Subscribe now and receive a 20% discount on your next guidebook purchase.
Join the 108,942 Members Login ≡ Menu News & Events The List About World Heritage Activities Publications Partnerships Resources    UNESCO  » Culture  » World Heritage Centre   » The List  » World Heritage List Search  Advanced  Advanced search Region All Africa Arab States Asia and the Pacific Europe and North America Latin America and the Caribbean More ... Danger Site Delisted Transboundary Site Nomination file Historical Description Dates Themes All Cities Cultural Landscape Forest Marine & coastal Earthen Architecture Criteria with only with Cultural Criteria: i ii iii iv v vi Natural Criteria: vii viii ix x Category All Cultural Natural Mixed Media All With videos With photo gallery Display all by Country Region Year Name of the property Display with the brief description Without With Search  Ancient City of Sigiriya Description Maps Documents Gallery Video Indicators Assistance Ancient City of Sigiriya The ruins of the capital built by the parricidal King Kassapa I (477–95) lie on the steep slopes and at the summit of a granite peak standing some 180m high (the 'Lion's Rock', which dominates the jungle from all sides).
Ville ancienne de Sigiriya Sur les pentes abruptes et au sommet d'un rocher de pierre rouge haut de 180m, le « Rocher du Lion », qui domine la jungle de toutes parts, subsistent les ruines de la citadelle dont le roi parricide Kassyapa (477-495) fit sa capitale.
source: UNESCO/ERI Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya En la cumbre y las abruptas laderas de la “Roca del León” –un peñasco granítico de 180 metros de altura desde el que se domina toda la jungla circundante– se hallan las ruinas de la ciudad en la que el rey parricida Kassapa I (477–495) asentó su capital.
source: UNESCO/ERI 古代都市シギリヤ セイロン島中央部の平原にそそり立つ高さ180mのシギリヤ・ロックの頂上に、5世紀後半の宮殿跡がある。父王を殺して即位したカッサパ王のわずか十数年だけの都ですが、これを有名にしたのは、岩壁にある鮮やかな色彩で描かれた、シギリヤ・レディと呼ばれる女性像。長年の風雨にさらされて、今では18像だけが残っている。 source: NFUAJ Oude stad van Sigiriya De ruïnes van de stad Sigiriya – gebouwd door de moordlustige koning Kassapa I (477-495) – liggen op de steile hellingen en de top van een granieten piek van zo’n 370 meter hoogte.
De (rots)fresco’s van Sigiriya hebben vele eeuwen doorstaan.
English French Arabic Chinese Russian Spanish Japanese Dutch Ancient City of Sigiriya (Sri Lanka) © Barbara Blanchard Media Ancient City of Sigiriya (UNESCO/NHK) Links View photos from OUR PLACE the World Heritage collection Sri Lanka Central Province, Matale District N7 57 0 E80 45 0 Date of Inscription: 1982 Criteria: (ii)(iii)(iv) Ref: 202 World Heritage Map is loading.. please wait Media Links State of Conservation (SOC) by year 2001 1998 Global Strategy Criteria Upstream Process Tentative Lists World Heritage List Nominations World Heritage List New Inscribed Properties Interactive Map World Heritage in Danger The List in Danger Success Stories Donate Now Donate now and help preserve World Heritage sites Committee sessions Statutory Documents Committee decisions More sessions...
Sigiriya From Wikitravel Central Sri Lanka : Sigiriya Jump to: navigation , search Sigiriya Contents 1 Understand 2 Get in 3 Get around 4 See 5 Do 6 Buy 7 Eat 8 Drink 9 Sleep 10 Stay safe 11 Get out Sigiriya is located in the Matale District in the Central Province of Sri Lanka .
Understand [ edit ] Sigiriya is famous for its palace ruins on top of a massive 200 meter high rock surrounded by the remains of an extensive network of gardens, reservoirs and other structures.
It is generally agreed, however, that the Sigiriya Frescoes exhibit a uniquely Sri Lankan style.
Sigiriya may have been inhabited through prehistoric times.
Fearing an attack from Moggallana, Kashyapa moved the capital and his residence from the traditional capital of Anuradhapura to the more secure Sigiriya.
Sigiriya was then turned back into a Buddhist monastery, which lasted until the 13th or 14th century.
Understand also that, even though Sigiriya is maybe the most famous tourist attraction in Sri Lanka, and must have been a truly amazing place in the past, right now the ruins are only the two-brick-tall foundations of the palace walls; absolutely nothing remains standing.
Get in [ edit ] Sigiriya is connected to the city of Dambulla by a regular bus service.
It is important to note that Sigiriya is located about 25 km from Dambulla, the closest city, and it is recommended not to miss the last bus back to Dambulla at around 6:00PM in case you are not staying at Sigiriya itself.
You may try the norden entrance if the clerck is not there, or meters after the north west corner, you will find an ruined bridge that leads you to the wall (beware of the fence)...and a little treck in the jungle Get around [ edit ] Walking is probably the best option if you want to explore Sigiriya, its citadel and Pidurangala.
See [ edit ] [ add listing ] Sigiriya citadel .
Sigiriya Museum shows photos of the excavation of Sigiriya, reproductions of the frescoes, examples and translations of some of the graffiti on the Mirror Wall, and artifacts excavated from the site.
Alternatively, a tuk-tuk is LKR200 from the Sigiriya citadel entrance.
View of Sigiriya rock from Pidurangala Top LKR500 .
edit Do [ edit ] [ add listing ] Sigiriya rock, its complex and Pidurangala are the main attractions in Sigiriya.
In addition, the Elephant Corridor Hotel offers tours from LKR2000 into the nature surrounding Sigiriya.
If you need cash, there is an ATM at Kibissa, 2 km from Sigiriya on the road to Inamaluwa.
Chooty Hotel Restaurant and the New Sigiriya Cafe are on the other side of the street.
Drink [ edit ] [ add listing ] If staying at the guest-houses in Sigiriya and want a beer, there is a beer shop just out of town.
Sleep [ edit ] [ add listing ] Some guesthouses clutter around the road from Sigiriya to the Inamaluwa junction.
The choice for budget accommodation in Sigiriya itself is limited but available.
Following the road from Sigiriya to Dambulla you will find plenty of accommodation and referring links.
edit Sigiriya Paradise Inn Guest House , 125/D Kayanwala Road, 21120 Sigiriya, Srí Lanka , ☎ (+94) 072 433 7890 ( info@sigiriyaparadiseinn.com ).
edit Sigiriya Hotels , ☎ +94 66 22 86821 2 , [3] .
edit Lal Homestay ( Lal Home Stay ), 209 Ehelagala, Sigiriya , ☎ +94 777 045386 ( lalhomestay@gmail.com ), [4] .
Comfortable friendly family homestay only 10 minutes walk from the beautiful Sigiriya rock.
edit Sigiri Lodge ( sigiriya ), main street,Pothana,Sigiriya ( from Sigiriya to Dambulla main street ), ☎ +94778443304 .
Sigiri lodge is 5 minute drive to Sigiriya loin rock.
When visiting the Sigiriya citadel and rock it is important to carry enough water.
Retrieved from " http://wikitravel.org/wiki/en/index.php?title=Sigiriya&oldid=2443555 " Categories : Has custom banner Outline articles Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main Page Project Home Travellers' Pub Recent changes Random page Help Report a problem Upload a picture Wikitravel Shared Contact Wikitravel Feeds Travel news Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Export as ePub In other languages Wikipedia other sites Wikipedia This page was last modified on 6 January 2017, at 03:10.
Sigiriya From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search Sigiriya Sigiriya Rock from the main public entrance Location Central Province , Sri Lanka Coordinates 07°57′25″N 80°45′35″E ﻿ / ﻿ 7.95694°N 80.75972°E ﻿ / 7.95694; 80.75972 Coordinates : 07°57′25″N 80°45′35″E ﻿ / ﻿ 7.95694°N 80.75972°E ﻿ / 7.95694; 80.75972 UNESCO World Heritage Site Official name: Ancient City of Sigiriya Type Cultural Criteria ii, iii, iv Designated 1982 (6th session ) Reference no.
202 UNESCO Region Asia-Pacific Location of Sigiriya in Sri Lanka Sigiriya or Sinhagiri ( Lion Rock Sinhalese : සීගිරිය , Tamil : சிகிரியா , pronounced see-gi-ri-yə) is an ancient rock fortress located in the northern Matale District near the town of Dambulla in the Central Province , Sri Lanka .
[1] Sigiriya today is a UNESCO listed World Heritage Site .
[2] Contents 1 History 2 Archaeological remains and features 2.1 Site plan 3 Frescoes 4 The Mirror Wall 5 The Gardens 5.1 The Water Gardens 5.2 The Boulder Gardens 5.3 The Terraced Gardens 6 Other 7 See also 8 References 9 Further reading 10 External links History [ edit ] The environment around the Sigiriya may have been inhabited since prehistoric times.
The earliest evidence of human habitation at Sigiriya is the Aligala rock shelter to the east of Sigiriya rock, indicating that the area was occupied nearly five thousand years ago during the Mesolithic Period .
Buddhist monastic settlements were established during the 3rd century BCE in the western and northern slopes of the boulder-strewn hills surrounding the Sigiriya rock.
Afraid of an attack by Moggallana, Kashyapa moved the capital and his residence from the traditional capital of Anuradhapura to the more secure Sigiriya.
During King Kashyapa’s reign (477 to 495 CE), Sigiriya was developed into a complex city and fortress.
Expecting the inevitable return of Moggallana, Kashyapa is said to have built his palace on the summit of Sigiriya as a fortress and pleasure palace.
Moggallana returned the capital to Anuradapura, converting Sigiriya into a Buddhist monastery complex, [3] which survived until the 13th or 14th century.
After this period, no records are found on Sigiriya until the 16th and 17th centuries, when it was used briefly as an outpost of the Kingdom of Kandy .
Alternative stories have the primary builder of Sigiriya as King Dhatusena, with Kashyapa finishing the work in honour of his father.
Still other stories describe Kashyapa as a playboy king, with Sigiriya his pleasure palace.
Archaeological remains and features [ edit ] The Lion Gate and Climbing Stretch In 1831 Major Jonathan Forbes of the 78th Highlanders of the British army, while returning on horseback from a trip to Pollonnuruwa, encountered the "bush covered summit of Sigiriya".
[5] Sigiriya came to the attention of antiquarians and, later, archaeologists.
Archaeological work at Sigiriya began on a small scale in the 1890s.
H.C.P. Bell was the first archaeologist to conduct extensive research on Sigiriya.
The Cultural Triangle Project, launched by the Government of Sri Lanka , focused its attention on Sigiriya in 1982.
Sigiriya consists of an ancient citadel built by King Kashyapa during the 5th century.
The Sigiriya site contains the ruins of an upper palace located on the flat top of the rock, a mid-level terrace that includes the Lion Gate and the mirror wall with its frescoes, the lower palaces located behind the lavish lower gardens, and moats and ramparts which protected the citadel.
Close up of the Lion's Paw Site plan [ edit ] Sigiriya is considered to be one of the most important urban planning sites of the first millennium, and the site plan is considered very elaborate and imaginative.
Other paintings of the Anuradhapura period contain similar approaches to painting, but do not have the sketchy lines of the Sigiriya style, having a distinct artists' boundary line.
Came with hundreds of people tо see Sigiriya.
The Gardens [ edit ] The Gardens of the Sigiriya city are one of the most important aspects of the site, as it is among the oldest landscaped gardens in the world.
The gardens of Sigiriya, as seen from the summit of the Sigiriya rock The third garden is situated on a higher level than the other two.
They are connected with the outer moat on the west and the large artificial lake to the south of the Sigiriya rock.
The Terraced Gardens [ edit ] The terraced gardens are formed from the natural hill at the base of the Sigiriya rock.
Other [ edit ] The video for the 1982 single Save a Prayer by Duran Duran was filmed primarily at Sigiriya.
[13] Sigiriya is used as the location of many of the events in the science-fiction novel The Fountains of Paradise by Arthur C. Clarke , although Clarke changed the name to Yakkagala ("Demon Rock") in the book.
The Story of Sigiriya .
Sigiriya: City, Palace, Gardens, Monasteries, Painting .
1929 ^ "The Sigiriya Story" .
^ "Sigiriya – The fortress in the sky" .
^ "Sigiriya: the most spectacular site in South Asia" .
2005, page 38 ^ "Sigiriya Frescoes, Sri Lanka" .
^ "Sigiriya Mirror Wall, Sri Lanka" .
"About Sigiriya or Simhagiri" .
The Story of Sigiriya .
Further reading [ edit ] The Story of Sigiriya , by Senani Ponnamperuma ( ISBN 978-0-9873451-1-0 ; ISBN 978-0-9873451-4-1 ;).
Sigiriya , by Senake Bandaranayake ( ISBN 978-955-631-146-4 ).
Story of Sigiriya , by Professor Senerath Paranavitana.
The Mystique of Sigiriya: Whispers of the Mirror Wall , W.J.M. Lokubandara ( ISBN 978-9553006103 )   Chisholm, Hugh, ed.
External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Sigiriya .
Sigiriya travel guide from Wikivoyage Official UNESCO website entry Mount of Remembrance About Sigiriya v t e World Heritage Sites of Sri Lanka Anuradhapura Central Highlands Galle and its Fortifications Golden Temple of Dambulla Kandy Polonnaruwa Sigiriya Sinharaja Forest Reserve v t e Forts of Sri Lanka Ancient Forts Balana fort Mapagala fortress Sigiriya Sitawaka fort Vijithapura Yapahuwa Colonial Forts Portuguese Forts Arandora fort Arippu fort Batticaloa fort Colombo fort Delft Island fort Fort Fredrick Fort Hammenheil Galle fort Haldummulla fort † Hanwella fort Jaffna fort Kalutara fort Kayts Island fort † Malwana fort † Mannar fort Matara fort Menikkadawara fort † Negombo fort Pooneryn fort Ratnapura Portuguese fort † Ruwanwella fort Dutch Forts Elephant Pass fort Fort Beschutter Fort Ostenburg Fort Pyl Kalpitiya fort Kankesanthurai fort Katuwana fort Koddiyar fort Mullaitivu fort Point Pedro fort Ratnapura Dutch fort Star fort Tangalle fort British Forts Fort MacDowall Martello tower Less or no contribution/renovation works of Dutch are marked by † symbol under "Portuguese Forts", and others are considered as Dutch forts too.
v t e Sinhalese Monarchy Sinhala Kingdom Timeline Dipavamsa Mahavamsa Culavamsa Rajaveliya Epochs Tambapanni Upatissa Nuwara Anuradhapura Chola occupation Polonnaruwa Dambadeniya Gampola Kotte Sitawaka Kandy Dynasties Vijaya Lambakanna I Moriya Lambakanna II Vijayabahu Kalinga Siri Sanga Bo Dinajara Nayaks Monarchs By reign Family tree Interregnums 1st 2nd 3rd 4th Sinhalese Queens Usurpers Royal Residences Tambapanni Upatissa Nuwara Anuradhapura Pulatthinagara Sigiriya Polonnaruwa Dambadeniya Yapahuwa Polonnaruwa Kurunegala Gampola Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte Avissawella Sri Dalada Maligawa Related dynasties Kalinga Vanga Shakya Vedda Pandyan Mauryan Madurai Nayak Other Sinhapura Sinhabahu Titles Crown Jewels Royal Standards Pretenders Relic of the tooth of the Buddha Wijayaba Kollaya Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Sigiriya&oldid=762889739 " Categories : World Heritage Sites in Sri Lanka Archaeological sites in Sri Lanka History of Sri Lanka Volcanoes of Sri Lanka Volcanic plugs of Asia Palaces in Sri Lanka Rock formations of Asia Matale District Terraced gardens Buildings and structures in Central Province, Sri Lanka Tourist attractions in Central Province, Sri Lanka Grama Niladhari divisions of Sri Lanka Hidden categories: Use dmy dates from September 2016 EngvarB from September 2016 Coordinates on Wikidata Articles containing Sinhalese-language text Articles containing Tamil-language text Wikipedia articles incorporating a citation from the 1911 Encyclopaedia Britannica with Wikisource reference Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Pages using ISBN magic links Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikivoyage Languages العربية বাংলা Беларуская Bosanski Català Cebuano Čeština Deutsch Español فارسی Français 한국어 Հայերեն हिन्दी Hrvatski Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית ქართული Lietuvių Magyar मैथिली മലയാളം Nederlands नेपाली 日本語 Norsk bokmål Polski Português Română Русский සිංහල Slovenčina Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Svenska தமிழ் ไทย Türkçe Українська Tiếng Việt 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 31 January 2017, at 07:26.
10 mejores cosas que hacer en Sigiriya - Atracciones en Sigiriya Opinión Escribe una opinión sobre un lugar que hayas visitado UNIRSE INICIAR SESIÓN $ Sigiriya Turismo en Sigiriya Hoteles en Sigiriya Sigiriya Bed & Breakfasts Alquileres de vacaciones en Sigiriya Paquetes a Sigiriya Vuelos a Sigiriya Restaurantes en Sigiriya Qué hacer en Sigiriya Foro de viajeros a Sigiriya Fotos de Sigiriya Mapa de Sigiriya Hoteles Todos los hoteles de Sigiriya Ofertas de hoteles en Sigiriya Ultima hora Sigiriya Por tipo de hotel Los mejores balnearios Resorts en Sigiriya Hoteles de lujo en Sigiriya Hoteles románticos en Sigiriya Hotel familiar Sigiriya Hoteles de negocios en Sigiriya Por categoría del hotel Hoteles de 5 Estrellas en Sigiriya Hoteles de 4 Estrellas en Sigiriya Hoteles de 3 Estrellas en Sigiriya Servicios populares Hoteles con piscina en Sigiriya Hoteles que admiten mascotas en Sigiriya Hoteles con estacionamiento en Sigiriya Cerca de lugares de interés Hoteles cerca de Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya Hoteles cerca de Sigiriya World Heritage Site Hoteles cerca de Pidurangala Rock Hoteles cerca de Sigiriya Museum Hoteles cerca de Minneriya Tusker Safaris Hoteles cerca de sigiri art gallery Vuelos Rentas de vacaciones Restaurantes Qué hacer Todo lo que se puede hacer en Sigiriya Hoteles cercanos Cosas que hacer cerca de Jetwing Vil Uyana Cosas que hacer cerca de Aliya Resort & Spa Cosas que hacer cerca de Amaara Forest Hotel Sigiriya Cosas que hacer cerca de Camellia Resort and Spa Cosas que hacer cerca de Kassapa Lions Rock Cosas que hacer cerca de Hotel Sigiriya Cosas que hacer cerca de Sigiriya Village Hotel Cosas que hacer cerca de Saunter Paradise Hotel Cosas que hacer cerca de Water Garden Sigiriya Cosas que hacer cerca de Fresco Water Villa Foro Lo mejor de 2017 Más Aplicaciones EcoLíderes Centro de ayuda Encuentra: Cerca: Ingresa un destino Buscar Asia › Sri Lanka › Provincia Central › Sigiriya › Atracciones en Sigiriya Atracciones en Sigiriya Ver mapa Mostrar también Hoteles Restaurantes Mostrar también Mapa Satélite Actualizaciones de mapa en pausa.
Regresar al mapa TIPO DE ATRACCIÓN: Atracciones y lugares de interés (4) Museos (3) Actividades al aire libre (6) Tours (6) Naturaleza y parques (1) Compras (4) Las cosas que hacer más populares Ver todo Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya 4,137 opiniones Ruinas antiguas Pidurangala Rock 835 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya World Heritage Site 2,433 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Minneriya Tusker Safaris 98 opiniones Bosques, Parques nacionales, Áreas de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Senderos para vehículos todo terreno Relajante Ver todo Pidurangala Rock 835 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya Museum 499 opiniones Museos especializados B Super Tours 26 opiniones Tours de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Tours por la ciudad, Tours culturales, Tours históricos Kashyapa Tours - Day Tours 41 opiniones Tours de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Tours culturales, Tours históricos Apto para familias Ver todo Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya 4,137 opiniones Ruinas antiguas Pidurangala Rock 835 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya World Heritage Site 2,433 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Minneriya Tusker Safaris 98 opiniones Bosques, Parques nacionales, Áreas de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Senderos para vehículos todo terreno Familia (niños pequeños) Ver todo Minneriya Tusker Safaris 98 opiniones Bosques, Parques nacionales, Áreas de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Senderos para vehículos todo terreno B Super Tours 26 opiniones Tours de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Tours por la ciudad, Tours culturales, Tours históricos Sigiri Safari 20 opiniones Tours de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Safaris Kashyapa Tours - Day Tours 41 opiniones Tours de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Tours culturales, Tours históricos Amante de la naturaleza Ver todo Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya 4,137 opiniones Ruinas antiguas Pidurangala Rock 835 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya World Heritage Site 2,433 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Minneriya Tusker Safaris 98 opiniones Bosques, Parques nacionales, Áreas de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Senderos para vehículos todo terreno Popular entre los lugareños Ver todo Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya 4,137 opiniones Ruinas antiguas Pidurangala Rock 835 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya World Heritage Site 2,433 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Minneriya Tusker Safaris 98 opiniones Bosques, Parques nacionales, Áreas de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Senderos para vehículos todo terreno Emocionante Ver todo Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya 4,137 opiniones Ruinas antiguas Pidurangala Rock 835 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya World Heritage Site 2,433 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Minneriya Tusker Safaris 98 opiniones Bosques, Parques nacionales, Áreas de naturaleza y vida silvestre, Senderos para vehículos todo terreno Amante de la historia Ver todo Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya 4,137 opiniones Ruinas antiguas Pidurangala Rock 835 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya World Heritage Site 2,433 opiniones Monumentos y lugares de interés Sigiriya Museum 499 opiniones Museos especializados Ordenar por: Clasificación ¡Ganador del premio Travellers' Choice 2016!
Lugares de interés Antigua ciudad de Sigiriya N.º 1 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 4,137 opiniones “ Bien, pero caro ” 29/01/2017 “ Increíble lugar.
Mi preferido en S... ” 18/01/2017 Ruinas antiguas Certificado de Excelencia Pidurangala Rock N.º 2 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 835 opiniones “ Guauuu!
” 05/01/2017 Monumentos y lugares de interés Certificado de Excelencia Sigiriya World Heritage Site N.º 3 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 2,433 opiniones “ Exageradamente caro ” 29/01/2017 “ Impresionante ” 16/01/2017 Monumentos y lugares de interés Minneriya Tusker Safaris N.º 4 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 98 opiniones “ Un bonito safari y muchos elefante... ” 20/12/2016 “ Emocionante ” 23/10/2016 Bosques Parques nacionales Sigiriya Museum N.º 5 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 499 opiniones “ Interesante contenido ” 14/11/2016 “ No merece la pena ” 16/10/2016 Museos especializados B Super Tours N.º 6 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 26 opiniones Kashyapa Tours - Day Tours N.º 7 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 41 opiniones Sigiriya Craft Village N.º 8 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 23 opiniones “ Bonita artesania ” 25/02/2016 “ Interesante una visita ” 23/11/2015 Sigiri Safari N.º 9 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 20 opiniones Pethikada N.º 10 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 14 opiniones Museos especializados Lanka Silks N.º 11 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 8 opiniones sigiri art gallery N.º 12 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 11 opiniones Galerías de arte Sun Rise in Lanka Balooning N.º 13 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 3 opiniones Tours turísticos Oakray Woodcarvings N.º 14 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 1 opinión “ Tan Bonita Como Cara ” 15/09/2016 Tiendas de fábricas Sarath Safari Sigiriya N.º 15 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya 12 opiniones Palitha Tours N.º 16 de 16 cosas que hacer en Sigiriya Sé el primero en ofrecer tu opinión sobre esta atracción Quiénes somos | Mapa del sitio | Centro de ayuda © 2017 TripAdvisor LLC Todos los derechos reservados.
Home Why Sri Lanka Sri Lanka Tours round tours Touch In Ceylon | 7 D/ 6 Nights Ceylon Beach Tour | 10 D/ 9 Nights Traditional Ceylon | 10 D/ 9 Nights Around Ceylon | 14 D/ 13 Nights Honeymoon in Sri Lanka Buddhism Tours Buddhist Pilgrimage | 7 D/ 6 Nights Island of Lights | 7 D/ 6 Nights Ancient Cities | 10 D/ 9 Nights Venerated Cities | 10 D/ 9 Nights Cricket Tours Cricket In Sri Lanka | 7 D/ 6 Nights Golf Tours Golf In Sri Lanka | 8 D/ 7 Nights Golf With Pleasure | 9 D/ 8 Nights Special tours Education and Research Incentive Tours Special Offers Special Products Special Events Destinations Most Popular Cities Colombo Kandy Galle Negombo Tea/Hill Country Hatton Nuwara Eliya Rathnapura Cultural Triangle Anuradhapura Dambulla Kandy Polonnaruwa Sigiriya Temple of Tooth Northwest Coast Kalpitiya-Putthalam Wilpatthu National Park East Coast Arugam Bay Batticaloa Pasikuda Trincomalee South Coast Benthota Galle Sinharaja Rain Forest Deep South Coast Bundala National Park Tangalle Udawalawe National Park Yala National Park West Coast Colombo Negombo North Coast Jaffna Experiences Adam’s Peak Ayurveda Bird Watching Boat Riding City Tour Cycle Tours Elephant Orphanage Elephant Ride Fishing Hot Air Balloon Kitesurfing Safaris Sailing Boat Riding Surfing Tea Factory Visit Traditional Dances Turtle Watching Whale Watching Services Accommodation Guiding Transportation MICE Wedding About Us Why Us For Travel Agents Contact Us Our Team WORLD FAMOUS FRESCOES SIGIRIYA Rock Fortress in the sky Sigiriya | Sri Lanka | Travel | Destinations Ancient Cities in Sri Lanka Sigiriya is an ancient palace located in the Central Province, Sri Lanka.
Sigiriya has been declared a World Heritage site by UNESCO.
Experiences Cycle Tours Cultural Triangle Elephant Ride Habarana / Sigiriya Village Tours Cultural Triangle Around Sigiriya Paintings The paintings would have covered most of the western face of the rock, an area 140 metres long and 40 metres high.
They are connected with the outer moat on the west and the large artificial lake to the south of the Sigiriya rock.
Pidurangala Temple Pidurangala Temple, a small Buddhist temple built by the founder king of Sigiriya, located just a mile away from Lion Rock.
Map Image Gallery We are Destination Specialists located in Sri Lanka with a firm reputation as an Authentic & Reliable Service Provider Headquarters: 101, Uyana Road, Lunawa, Moratuwa, Sri Lanka Phone: +94 011 264 5630 Fax: +94 011 264 5630 Email: holidays@pearlceylon.com Destinations Anuradhapura Colombo Galle Kandy Negombo Polonnaruwa Sigiriya Wilpatthu Yala Experiences Ayurveda Treatments Ceylon Cinnamon Cycle Tours Day in a Village Elephant Rides Safari Tea Factory Visit Turtle Watching Whale Watching Subscribe to Our Newsletter to get Important News, Amazing Offers & Inside Scoops: Subscribe Like us on Facebook G+ on Googel + Copyrights © 2016 All Rights Reserved by PearlCeylon Terms and Condition / Sitemap holidays@pearlceylon.com · +94 011 264 5630
Compartir WSL Diario del Viajero Menú Nuevo Buscar No te pierdas Consejos para hacer que tu vuelo sea más llevadero Publicidad Sigiriya, tranquila aldea de Sri Lanka junto a la Roca del León Compartir Facebook Twitter E-mail Guardar 0 Comentarios Suscríbete a Diario del Viajero Recibe un email al día con nuestros artículos: Suscribir Síguenos Twitter Facebook RSS Publicidad Compartir Sigiriya, tranquila aldea de Sri Lanka junto a la Roca del León Facebook Twitter Email Publicidad Juan Ayala En el centro de la isla de Sri Lanka , Sigiriya es uno de los destinos más conocidos y fotogénicos del país por su Roca del León , de 200 metros de altura.
Pero además de este enorme pedrusco con forma de diente, Sigiriya es una aldea muy tranquila en plena naturaleza, perfecta para relajarte unos días.
A finales del siglo V, el Rey Kashyapa construyó su palacio en la cima de la Roca, convirtiéndose Sigiriya en la nueva capital.
Alrededor de la Roca del León, podemos pasear por los jardines del interior de la zona amurallada, delimitada por fosos de agua, e imaginarnos perfectamente cómo pudo ser la antigua Fortaleza de Sigiriya.
Para llegar a Pidurangala, puedes acceder por la carretera hacia la Roca de Sigiriya, bordear todos los jardines y seguir caminando unos veinte minutos por un carril.
Después de pagar la entrada, antes de empezar la subida, te enseñarán un pequeño templo con pinturas en piedra similares a las de la Roca de Sigiriya.
El precio de la entrada a la Roca de Sigiriya es 30$, unos 22 euros.
Si te quedas en Sigiriya más tiempo, también hay un lago y varios senderos para caminar, o puedes hacer una excursión de un día al Templo de la Cueva de Dambulla , o un safari al Parque Nacional de Minneriya para ver elefantes.
Vídeos inspiradores Compartir Sigiriya, tranquila aldea de Sri Lanka junto a la Roca del León Facebook Twitter E-mail Temas Asia Naturaleza Budismo Templos Sri Lanka Publicidad También te puede gustar Monasterios y la pagoda más alta del país en Bago, Myanmar El templo blanco.
Skip to content Primary Menu Alquila coche Encuentra alojamiento Contrata seguro de viaje 101 Viajes Increíbles Acerca de Suscribirse Contacto Consultas viajeras Anúnciate Facebook Twitter RSS Sigiriya, el volcán que se convirtió en Palacio 26 enero 2011 15 abril 2015 6 Comentarios 0 4 Share on Pinterest There are no images.
1 En el medio de la planicie boscosa de Sigiriya , en Sri Lanka , emerge un imponente promontorio rocoso de 370 metros de altura.
El diseño en el promontorio de Sigiriya , incluía una ciudad amurallada y ajardinada sobre la roca que permaneció abandonada hasta ser redescubierta en el año 1908.
Imagen Claire rowland Sigiriya , se puede conocer luego de un ascenso por mil doscientos treinta escalones hasta lo más alto.
Al Palacio de Sigiriya en la roca, lo rodeaba una doble fosa con miles de cocodrilos, y en alrededores, jardines y más construcciones hoy en ruinas luego de quince siglos de abandono.
La obra del palacio de Sigiriya , construida en apenas siete años, fue el sitio desde donde Kassapa, ejerció un reinado que termina de un modo trágico cuando su hermano, echado del trono unos años antes, regresa para retomar su mandato.
genome4hire Andrew Imagen S J Pinkney Imagen Luca   Kassapa , el rey que ideó el palacio “flotante” de Sigiriya , muere luego de una fatídico esquema defensivo que lo lleva a suicidarse.
Home History Access Gallery Contact   Sigiriya Sigiriya is one of the most valuable historical monuments of Sri Lanka.
Sigiriya rock plateau, formed from magma of an extinct volcano, is 200 meters higher than the surrounding jungles.
The surrounding territories of Sigiriya were inhibited for several thousand years.
Since 3th century BC the rocky plateau of Sigiriya served as a monastery.
After his death Sigiriya again became a Buddhist monastery until the 14th century, when it was abandoned.
Thanks to this lion the palace was named Sigiriya.
The term Sigiriya originates from the word Sihagri, i.e.
The western wall of Sigiriya was almost entirely covered by frescoes, created during the reign of Kasyapa.
One of the most striking features of Sigiriya is its Mirror wall.
The Mirror wall is painted with inscriptions and poems written by the visitors of Sigiriya.
These inscriptions are proving that Sigiriya was a tourist destination more than a thousand years ago.
The buildings and gardens of Sigiriya show that the creators of this amazing architectural monument used unique and creative technical skills and technologies.
The gardens of Sigiriya are among the oldest landscaped gardens in the world.
Sigiriya has water gardens, cave and boulder gardens, and also terraced gardens.
In the rainy season, all channels are filled with water, which begins to circulate through the whole area of Sigiriya.
Fountains of Sigiriya built in the V century, perhaps, are the oldest in the world.
Considering the uniqueness of Sigiriya UNESCO declared it a World Heritage site in 1982.
Sigiriya is an unmatched combination of urban planning, water engineering, horticulture and arts.
All the images on this website including the Sigiriya Photos  album belong to Drriss & Marrionn © SigiriyaTourism.com - All Rights Reserved!
Remember me LOG IN Sigiriya Home Sigiriya Sigiriya Sigiriya is an ancient rock fortress located in the central Matale District near the town of Dambulla in the Central Province, Sri Lanka.
Sigiriya today is a UNESCO listed World Heritage Site.
