Skip to Content Search Uzbekistan and beyond Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Close Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Asia Uzbekistan is a mosaic that meets the sky is a 2,000-year-old fortress is a city of sapphire and gold Cities Close cities in Uzbekistan Central Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Tashkent Uzbekistan Khiva Uzbekistan Central Uzbekistan Tashkent Khiva Kokand Nukus Fergana Andijon More places in Uzbekistan Map Survival guide Articles Books Adventures Community Welcome to Uzbekistan The region’s cradle of culture for more than two millennia, Uzbekistan is the proud home to a spellbinding arsenal of architecture and ancient cities, all deeply infused with the bloody, fascinating history of the Silk Road.
In terms of sights alone, Uzbekistan is Central Asia's biggest draw and most impressive showstopper... Read More Top experiences in Uzbekistan Sights in Uzbekistan See all sights Launch map view © Mapbox © OpenStreetMap Improve this map Survival guide Visas Dull but essential passport paperwork and entry info Best time to go Hit the ground at the right time Money and costs Budgets, currency rates and on-the-ground costs Safety Tips for a flawless journey See More Recent articles Celebrating Nowruz the Central Asian way Framed by the snowy peaks of the Tian Shan mountains on the southern horizon, two teams of horsemen gather at centre field in Bishkek's Ak-Kula Hippodrome to compete in the championship match of Kyrgyzstan's national sport, kok-boru.
Stephen Lioy Lonely Planet Writer Travel guides Starting at $34.99 Ready to go? Get to the heart of Uzbekistan with one of Lonely Planet's in-depth, award-winning guidebooks.
Go to store Uzbekistan adventures $1199 Small group tours Best of Uzbekistan While it doesn't get a lot of attention, Uzbekistan is a life-changing destination for all who are smart enough to visit.
Uzbekistan is a must-see for any seasoned (or first-time) traveller.
$1849 Small group tours Best of Tajikistan & Uzbekistan Get yourself to two incredible (and often overlooked) destinations: Tajikistan and Uzbekistan.
$840 Small group tours 4-Day Pearls of Uzbekistan Tour During this trip you will visit historical cities such as Tashkent, Bukhara and Samarkand.
Bukhara is one of the most ancient cities of Uzbekistan(more than 2500 years).
See More Adventures Uzbekistan photo credits Newsletter sign up Subscribe now and receive a 20% discount on your next guidebook purchase.
Email address Country Select country Australia United Kingdom United States Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Channel Islands, The Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles Netherlands New Caledonia New Guinea New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Ireland Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saba Saint Eustatius Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (France) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Sign up Destinations Africa Antarctica Asia Caribbean Islands Central America Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America Shop Destination guides eBooks Pictorial & gifts Phrasebooks Activity guides Special offers Forum Country forums Talk to Lonely Planet Interest forums Travel buddies & for sale Interests Adventure travel Beaches Budget travel Family travel Festivals and events Food and drink Honeymoons and romance Luxury travel Round the world travel Wildlife and nature Travel booking Hotels Flights Insurance About us Work for Us Contact us Press, trade and advertising Terms & conditions Privacy policy International English English (India) Deutsch Italiano 한국어 © 2017 Lonely Planet.
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World selected Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Asia selected China India Asia Asia Uzbekistan country profile 14 December 2016 From the section Asia Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-16218112
Close share panel The land that is now Uzbekistan was once at the heart of the ancient Silk Road trade route connecting China with the Middle East and Rome.
Under President Islam Karimov, in power since 1989, Uzbekistan has boasted of steady economic growth based on exports like cotton, gas and gold.
Read more country profiles - Profiles by BBC Monitoring FACTS Republic of Uzbekistan Capital: Tashkent Population 28.1 million Area 447,400 sq km (172,700 sq miles) Major languages Uzbek, Russian, Tajik Major religion Islam Life expectancy 66 years (men), 72 years (women) Currency Uzbek som UN, World Bank LEADER President: Shavkat Mirziyoyev Image copyright Getty Images Shavkat Mirziyoyev was named as winner of the presidential election in December 2016.
Mr Mirziyoyev, a former regional governor and Uzbekistan's prime minister since 2003, was widely expected to succeed Mr Karimov.
BBC News has been banned from reporting from inside Uzbekistan since 2005.
In 2014, Freedom House said "the Karimov regime has all but eradicated free media in Uzbekistan.
Read full media profile TIMELINE Some key dates in Uzbekistan's history: 1st century BC - Central Asia, including present-day Uzbekistan, forms an important part of the overland trade routes known as the Great Silk Road linking China with the Middle East and imperial Rome.
2001 - Uzbekistan allows US to use its air bases for action in Afghanistan.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The Trans-Caspian Railway, connecting the Caspian Sea to Uzbekistan, was built in the 19th century, during the Russian Empire's expansion into Central Asia Read full timeline Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Asia country profiles Around the BBC BBC Weather- Uzbekistan BBC Uzbek Related Internet links President's office International Crisis Group Government portal The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Top Stories Rudd: Trump travel ban could help IS The home secretary warns that the president's travel restrictions are a "propaganda opportunity".
Русский Search this site: Follow EurasiaNet on Main Regions Countries: Afghanistan Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Mongolia Tajikistan Turkey Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Multimedia Latest multimedia By country: By type: Afghanistan Audio Slideshows Armenia Photo Essays Azerbaijan Videos Georgia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Mongolia Tajikistan Turkey Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Voices Inside the Cocoon The Bug Pit The Turko-file Cartoon Notebook Caucasus Chronicles Choihona Kebabistan Sifting the Karakum Tamada Tales The Focal Plane The Ninth Wave The Reflector The Turko-file Special Topics Academic Innovation Features The Big Draw: Selling The Soviet Past A Tale of Two Winemakers Remembering the Great Catastrophe USSR: Now and Then Armenia: Vote 2008 Azerbaijan: Elections 2005 Georgia: Revolution in the Regions Kyrgyzstan: Revolution Revisited The Music of China’s Nomads About About EurasiaNet Submissions Disclaimer Reposting our content Who's Who Uzbekistan Map Multimedia Kyrgyzstan: Nomad Games Looking to Gain Legitimacy Vladic Ravich Afghanistan , Azerbaijan , China , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Mongolia , Pakistan , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkmenistan , Uzbekistan EurasiaNet's 2015 Photos of the Year EurasiaNet Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Moldova , Mongolia , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkey , Turkmenistan , Ukraine , Uzbekistan Uzbekistan: 10 Years Later, Andijan Silent on Massacre Timur Karpov Uzbekistan How Plov, a Central Asian Staple, Became a Russian Favorite David Trilling , Konstantin Salomatin Russia , Tajikistan , Uzbekistan EurasiaNet's 2014 Photos of the Year EurasiaNet Armenia , Azerbaijan , Georgia , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Moldova , Mongolia , Russia , Tajikistan , Turkey , Turkmenistan , Ukraine , Uzbekistan Multimedia: Uzbekistan » Uzbekistan: Officials Strive to Ease Hassles for Tourists December 21, 2016 - 12:17pm Uzbekistan After seeing much of Europe and countless beaches in Southeast Asia, Dmitry and Irina Dagbayev thought they might try something different for their next holiday.
“This time we decided on Uzbekistan, so as to see Samarkand and Bukhara,” said Dmitry Dagbayev, a retail entrepreneur from Ulan-Ude in Russia.
Read more Uzbekistan: Possible Changes at Security Agencies Offer Litmus Test for Reform January 23, 2017 - 2:03pm Uzbekistan Ulugbek Haidarov says the date of September 14, 2006, will forever be seared into his memory.
On that day, the journalist was standing at a bus stop in the central Uzbekistan city of Jizzakh.
Read more Uzbekistan: Swiss Prosecutor Visit Reveals a Defiant Karimova January 16, 2017 - 12:11pm Uzbekistan One veil of mystery has been lifted from the saga surrounding the daughter of Uzbekistan’s late president with the news that she was recently questioned by Swiss prosecutors in Tashkent.
Read more Uzbekistan: Female Day Laborers Open Window on Unemployment Problem January 11, 2017 - 12:06pm Uzbekistan Early every day, groups of women dressed in vividly colored overcoats muster in two locations in Kokand, a city in Uzbekistan’s Ferghana Valley.
Read more Eurasia: Tracking the Rise of the Repressintern December 2, 2016 - 12:24pm Azerbaijan Belarus European Union Kazakhstan Russia Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Academic Russia has forged an informal network of authoritarian-minded states in Eurasia dedicated to silencing dissenters living in exile.
Read more Uzbekistan: Hard-Pressed Population Unimpressed by Election Fanfare December 2, 2016 - 11:10am Uzbekistan When Uzbek citizens go to vote in a special presidential election on December 4, temperatures in the southern Kashkadarya Province are expected to be only a few degrees above freezing.
Read more Eurasia and the Appeal of Illiberalism November 29, 2016 - 2:52pm , by Maria Mammina Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus European Union Georgia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Russia Tajikistan Turkmenistan Ukraine United States Uzbekistan Academic Brexit, a Trump presidency and populist and pro-Russian leaders coming to power in Europe—the world has taken an increasingly populist tilt and experts are struggling to make sense of the new political trends.
Read more Uzbekistan: Snap Election Revises Script While Following Old Rules November 28, 2016 - 12:25pm Uzbekistan Of the four candidates running in Uzbekistan’s special presidential election on December 4, only one really counts — Acting President Shavkat Mirziyoyev.
Read more Turkey Pursues a Reset with Uzbekistan November 17, 2016 - 1:18pm Turkey Uzbekistan The president of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, arrived for a two-day visit to Uzbekistan on November 17 in a diplomatic overture that aims to undo more than a decade of frostiness.
Read more Tajikistan, Uzbekistan Taking Cautious Steps to End Dam Impasse November 10, 2016 - 11:14am , by Peter Leonard Tajikistan Uzbekistan Water Demonstrating his hands-on management style, Tajikistan’s president donned a hardhat earlier this month, clambered into a bulldozer and pushed rocks into the Vakhsh River to get work started on what is slated to become the world’s highest dam.
Read more 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 … next › last » Uzbekistan Voices Uzbekistan Embarks on Grand Chicken-Rearing Drive Choihona Uzbekistan Churns Out New Anti-Terrorism Melodrama Choihona Uzbekistan Nixes Visa-Free Plans, Dismaying Tourism Sector Choihona Uzbekistan: Video Sparks Homophobia Debate Choihona More voices » Social Chatter Tweets about "#Uzbekistan #Politics" Feedback We would like to hear your opinion about the new site.
Uzbekistan: Fashion Industry Flourishing in Post-Gulnara Era Russia: Gazprom, a Behemoth No More A Heavy Hand Kyrgyzstan: Extremism Charges, Vague and Secretive, Open Door to Abuses Azerbaijan’s Dubious Honor: Abundance of Political Prisoners © 2016 EurasiaNet.org
Regions Abkhazia Armenia Georgia Kyrgyzstan Nagorno-Karabakh Tajikistan Turkmenistan Afghanistan Azerbaijan Kazakhstan Moldova Mongolia South Ossetia Turkey Uzbekistan Blogs The Turko-file The Bug Pit Inside the Cocoon Kebabistan Tamada Tales The Focal Plane Sifting the Karakum Cartoon Notebook EurasiaNet Contribute to EurasiaNet About EurasiaNet Grants & Employment Main RSS feed Build custom RSS feed Reposting our content Who's Who E-Mail Subscriptions Weekly Digest Uzbek News Brief Turkmen News Brief
Menu principal Inversiones en Uzbekistán Embajada Noticias Sección Consular Turismo Enlaces Perfil de Uzbekistan Economia Clima y Naturaleza Constitución Relaciones con España Educación Cultura y Religión Historia Población Fiestas Nacionales Regiones Parlamento Símbolos del Estado Gobierno Presidente Galería de Fotos Press Releases Сотрудничество Узбекистана с МОТ 25 years of Independence of the Republic of Uzbekistan DIGEST Cambiar Idioma Buscar Buscar... Está aquí: Home Perfil de Uzbekistan Datos Clave  Datos claves de Uzbekistán                 Información general Nombre oficial: República de Uzbekistán Lenguas principales: uzbeko (oficial), ruso (lengua de comunicación interétnica) Población: 28,54 millonesde personas (abril de 2011) Capital: Tashkent (2,8 millones de personas) Fiesta Nacional: Día de la Independencia 1 de septiembre (1991)   Geografía Uzbekistán está situado en Asia Central en la Gran Ruta de la Seda.
2016 год – Год здоровой матери и ребенка Выборы Президента Республики Узбекистан - 2016 Председательство Узбекистана в СМИД ОИС International fruit and vegetable fair Information Agency "Jahon" Ministry of foreign affairs of the republic of Uzbekistan News from Uzbekistan in Spanish language Copyright © 2013.
Uzbekistan From Wikitravel Earth : Asia : Central Asia : Uzbekistan Jump to: navigation , search Uzbekistan Contents 1 Understand 1.1 History 1.2 Climate 1.3 Geography 1.4 Holidays 2 Regions 3 Cities 4 Other destinations 5 Get in 5.1 By plane 5.2 By train 5.3 By car 5.4 From Afghanistan 5.5 From Kazakhstan 5.6 From Kyrgyzstan 5.7 From Tajikistan 5.8 By bus 5.9 By boat 6 Get around 6.1 By train 6.2
Time Zone UTC+5 Uzbekistan has borders with Afghanistan , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Tajikistan and Turkmenistan .
History [ edit ] Uzbekistan is rich in history.
The most famous leader to come from Uzbekistan is Tamerlane who was born in Shahrisabz south of Samarkand.
Russia conquered Uzbekistan in the late 19th century.
Uzbekistan gained independence in 1991, following the break up of the Soviet Union.
While Tashkent is booming with construction and development, the country's isolation from the rest of the world in addition to its authoritarian government has left Uzbekistan as one of the poorest and least developed countries in Asia .
Geography [ edit ] Uzbekistan measures 1450 km West to East and 930 km North to South.
Sep 1 Independence Day ( Mustaqillik Kuni ), remembering the proclamation of independence from the Soviet Union in 1991 Oct 1 Teachers' Day ( O'qituvchi va Murabbiylar Kuni ) Dec 8 Constitution Day ( Konstitutsiya Kuni ), remembering the proclamation of the first constitution of independent Uzbekistan in 1992.
Northern Uzbekistan Geographically dominated by the vast red sands of the seemingly endless Kyzylkum Desert and politically dominated by Qaraqalpaqstan, the vast autonomous republic of the Qaraqalpaqs, Uzbekistan's North is most notable in travel circles for the ancient Silk Road city of Khiva, and for the dying Aral Sea.
Southern Uzbekistan The one mountainous part of the country, where Uzbekistan meets the mighty Pamir Mountains, is heavily ethnic Tajik.
Andijan — Uzbekistan's fourth largest city, right in the heart of the vibrant but combustible Ferghana Valley.
When you enter Uzbekistan expect fairly lengthy immigration and passport procedures, but these are fairly painless.
By plane [ edit ] Tashkent , ( IATA : TAS , ICAO : UTTT ), is the main international airport of Uzbekistan.
The airport itself is reasonably modern and has various international carriers operating as well as the national Uzbekistan Airways [3] .
These include the following trains: Tashkent - Moscow (3 times weekly): Train 6 Uzbekistan leaves Moscow on Mon, Wed and Fri at 23:15 and arrives in Tashkent at 22:35 on Wed, Fri and Sun.
Tashkent - Saratov (every 4 days) Nukus - Tashkent - Almaty (once weekly) There are also railway lines linking Uzbekistan to Turkmenistan and Tajikistan .
From Afghanistan [ edit ] The Friendship Bridge, 10 km south of Termiz , links Afghanistan with Uzbekistan .
From Kazakhstan [ edit ] There are three main border crossings between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan  : Gisht Kuprik (Chernyaevka) between Shymkent and Tashkent is the main road crossing between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan .
There is another crossing between Beyneu in Western Kazakhstan and Kungrad in Uzbekistan .
And another crossing that allows vehicles through at Chinaz in Uzbekistan .
From Kyrgyzstan [ edit ] Busses from Bishkek to Uzbekistan stop at Gisht Kuprik (Chernyaevka) border.
You can take a taxi (50som) or minibus (5 som) from Osh to Dustlyk (Dostyk) and a shared taxi from there to Andijan in Uzbekistan From Tajikistan [ edit ] It is about 55 km from Dushanbe to the border at Denau .
By boat [ edit ] Apart from the southern section of the inland Aral sea, Uzbekistan is land-locked.
By bus [ edit ] Bus travel is only for the truly adventurous and not for anyone in a hurry in Uzbekistan.
If you do travel any distance on a bus in Uzbekistan, take toilet paper with you and be careful what you eat at stops along the way.
There are several paved highways with two lanes in Uzbekistan: AH5 from Gishtkuprik/Chernyavka on the border to Kazakhstan via Tashkent , Syrdaria, Samarkand , Navoi and Bukhara to Alat on the border to Turkmenistan (680 km), AH7 from the border to Kyrgysztan via Andijon, Tashkent and Syrdaria to Xovos/Khavast on the border to Tajikistan (530 km), AH62 from Gishtkuprik/Chernyavka on the border to Kazakhstan via Tashkent , Syrdaria, Samarkand and Guzar to Termez on the border to Afghanistan (380 km), AH63 from Oazis on the border to Kazakhstan in the North West of Uzbekistan via Nukus and Bukhara to Guzar (950 km paved road, 240 km unpaved) AH65 from Uzun on the border to Tajikistan to Termez on the border to Afghanistan (180 km) Urban transport [ edit ] During the day the metro (underground train) is the good option.
There are also significant numbers of ethnic Tajiks and Kazakhs in Uzbekistan, often speaking their native tongue as a first language.
In the semi-autonomous region of Karalkalpakstan in western Uzbekistan, the ethnic Karalkalpaks speak their own language, which is related to Kazakh.
See [ edit ] [ add listing ] Architecture [ edit ] Uzbekistan has preserved a rich architectural heritage.
Today, the Uzbekistan jeyran is included in the Red Book of Endangered Species).
The Nuratau-Kyzylkum Biospheric Reserve is being implemented by the government of Uzbekistan, Global Ecology Fund and UN Development Program and co-financed by German Union of Nature Protection.
Ugam-Chatkal National Park is one of the oldest nature reserves in Uzbekistan, founded in 1947.
It's made of rice, carrots, onions, and mutton, and you will eat it if you go to Uzbekistan.
Drink [ edit ] [ add listing ] Tea, particularly green tea, is a national drink of Uzbekistan.
Wine produced in Uzbekistan has won numerous international prestigious awards for a high quality.
Although Uzbekistan is predominately Muslim, for the most part the Islam practiced there tends to be more cultural than religious.
Visitors should consider tap water to be unsafe to drink in regions, while in capital of Uzbekistan the water is safe for drinking.
Learn [ edit ] Stay safe [ edit ] The areas of Uzbekistan bordering Afghanistan should be avoided for all but essential travel.
For the most part, Uzbekistan is generally safe for visitors, perhaps the by-product of a police state.
As economic conditions in Uzbekistan continue to deteriorate, street crime is increasing.
One of the most common (and one that is not limited to Uzbekistan) involves a stranger coming up to the victim and saying they have found cash lying on the street.
While all of these precautions should be observed during travel virtually anywhere in the world, for some reason many tourists in Uzbekistan seem to lower their guard.
By law, you should carry your passport and visa with you in Uzbekistan, though in practice, it is better to make a color scan of the first two pages of your passport and your Uzbek visa before you arrive.
Stay healthy [ edit ] Uzbekistan has not implemented a no-smoking policy in bars and restaurants, unlike many Western countries.
Respect [ edit ] In Uzbekistan, and in Central Asia in general, elderly people are greatly respected.
Contact [ edit ] Cell phone or mobile connection works in most parts of Uzbekistan and the services are cheap.
There are several popular cell/mobile service providers in Uzbekistan - Ucell [4] , Beeline, Perfectum Mobile, UMS.
Retrieved from " http://wikitravel.org/wiki/en/index.php?title=Uzbekistan&oldid=2439282 " Categories : Has custom banner Outline articles Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main Page Project Home Travellers' Pub Recent changes Random page Help Report a problem Upload a picture Wikitravel Shared Contact Wikitravel Feeds Travel news Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Export as ePub In other languages Deutsch Esperanto Español Suomi Français हिन्दी Magyar Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski Português Русский Svenska 中文 Wikitravel Shared Wikipedia Open Directory World66 other sites Wikitravel Shared Wikipedia Open Directory World66 This page was last modified on 11 December 2016, at 15:47.
Uzbekistan From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search Coordinates : 41°N 69°E ﻿ / ﻿ 41°N 69°E ﻿ / 41; 69 Republic of Uzbekistan Oʻzbekiston Respublikasi    ( Uzbek ) Flag State emblem [1] Anthem:  Oʻzbekiston Respublikasining Davlat Madhiyasi State Anthem of the Republic of Uzbekistan Location of   Uzbekistan    ( green ) Capital and largest city Tashkent 41°16′N 69°13′E ﻿ / ﻿ 41.267°N 69.217°E ﻿ / 41.267; 69.217 Official languages Uzbek Inter-ethnic and de-facto mostly used language Russian [2] [3] [4] [5] [6] Spoken languages [7] Bukhori Central Asian Arabic Dungan Karakalpak Kazakh Parya Russian Tajik Tatar Turkish Uzbek Ethnic groups (1996) 81.1% Uzbek 5.4% Russian 4.0% Tajik other, non-official, scholarly estimates are 10% [8] [9] [10] [11] 3.0% Kazakh 2.5% Karakalpak 1.5% Tatar 2.5% others [12] Demonym Uzbek Government Unitary presidential constitutional republic •  President Shavkat Mirziyoyev •  Prime Minister Abdulla Oripov Legislature Supreme Assembly •  Upper house Senate •  Lower house Legislative Chamber Formation •  Emirate of Bukhara 1785 •  Bukharan People's Soviet Republic 2 September 1920 •  Uzbek SSR proclaimed 27 October 1924 • Declared independence from the Soviet Union 31 August 1991 (Independence Day on 1 September) • Recognized 26 December 1991 •  Independence referendum 29 December 1991 •  Current constitution 8 December 1992 Area • Total 448,978 km 2 (173,351 sq mi) ( 56th ) • Water (%) 4.9 Population • 2016 estimate 32,121,000 [13] [14] ( 41st ) • Density 70.3/km 2 (182.1/sq
mi) ( 136th ) GDP   ( PPP ) 2016 estimate • Total $202.251 billion [15] ( 62 ) • Per capita $6,452 [15] ( 125th ) GDP   (nominal) 2016 estimate • Total $66.797 billion [15] ( 69th ) • Per capita $2,131 [15] ( 130th ) Gini   (2003)  36.8 medium  ·  95th HDI   (2014)  0.675 [16] medium  ·  114th Currency Uzbekistan som ( UZS ) Time zone UZT ( UTC +5) • Summer ( DST ) not observed ( UTC +5) Drives on the right Calling code +998 ISO 3166 code UZ Internet TLD .uz
Uzbekistan ( US i / ʊ z ˈ b ɛ k ᵻ ˌ s t æ n , - ˌ s t ɑː n / , UK / ʊ z ˌ b ɛ k ᵻ ˈ s t ɑː n , ʌ z - , - ˈ s t æ n / ), officially the Republic of Uzbekistan ( Uzbek : Oʻzbekiston Respublikasi , Ўзбекистон Республикаси ; Russian : Республика Узбекистан ), is a doubly landlocked country in Central Asia .
Uzbekistan is bordered by five landlocked countries: Kazakhstan to the north; Tajikistan to the southeast; Kyrgyzstan to the northeast; Afghanistan to the south; and Turkmenistan to the southwest.
Once part of the Turkic Khaganate and later Timurid Empires , the region that today includes the Republic of Uzbekistan was conquered in the early 16th century by Eastern Turkic -speaking nomads.
The area was gradually incorporated into the Russian Empire during the 19th century, and in 1924 what is now Uzbekistan became a bordered constituent republic of the Soviet Union, known as the Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic (Uzbek SSR).
Following the breakup of the Soviet Union , it declared independence as the Republic of Uzbekistan on 31 August 1991 (officially celebrated the following day).
Uzbekistan is officially a democratic , [17] secular , unitary , constitutional republic with a diverse cultural heritage.
[18] Uzbekistan is a member of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) , Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe ( OSCE ), UN , and the SCO .
While officially a democratic republic, non-governmental human rights organizations define Uzbekistan as "an authoritarian state with limited civil rights".
[19] Uzbekistan's economy relies mainly on commodity production, including cotton , gold , uranium , and natural gas .
Contents 1 Geography 2 Environment 3 History 4 Politics 5 Human rights 6 Administrative divisions 7 Economy 8 Demographics 8.1 Largest cities 8.2 Religion 8.2.1 Jewish community 8.3 Languages 9 Communications 10 Transportation 11 Military 12 Foreign relations 13 Culture 13.1 Music 13.2 Education 13.3 Holidays 13.4 Cuisine 13.5 Sport 14 See also 15 References 15.1 Online sources 16 External links Geography [ edit ] Main article: Geography of Uzbekistan See also: List of cities in Uzbekistan Map of Uzbekistan.
Uzbekistan map of Köppen climate classification.
Uzbekistan has an area of 447,400 square kilometres (172,700 sq mi).
[21] Uzbekistan lies between latitudes 37° and 46° N , and longitudes 56° and 74° E .
Bordering Kazakhstan and the Aral Sea to the north and northwest, Turkmenistan to the southwest, Tajikistan to the southeast, and Kyrgyzstan to the northeast, Uzbekistan is one of the largest Central Asian states and the only Central Asian state to border all the other four.
Uzbekistan also shares a short border (less than 150 km or 93 mi) with Afghanistan to the south.
Uzbekistan is a dry, landlocked country.
The highest point in Uzbekistan is the Khazret Sultan , at 4,643 metres (15,233 ft) above sea level, in the southern part of the Gissar Range in Surkhandarya Province , on the border with Tajikistan, just northwest of Dushanbe (formerly called Peak of the 22nd Congress of the Communist Party).
[21] The climate in the Republic of Uzbekistan is continental, with little precipitation expected annually (100–200 millimetres, or 3.9–7.9
Uzbekistan has a rich and diverse natural environment.
[25] Due to the Aral Sea problem, high salinity and contamination of the soil with heavy elements are especially widespread in Karakalpakstan , the region of Uzbekistan adjacent to the Aral Sea.
[22] According to the UNDP (United Nations Development Program), climate risk management in Uzbekistan needs to consider its ecological safety.
(February 2016) ( Learn how and when to remove this template message ) Main article: History of Uzbekistan Female statuette wearing the kaunakes .
The first people known to have inhabited Central Asia were Iranian nomads who came from the northern grasslands of what is now Uzbekistan, sometime in the first millennium BC; when these nomads settled in the region they built an extensive irrigation system along the rivers.
Using an extensive network of cities and rural settlements in the province of Mouwaurannahr (a name given the region after the Arab conquest) in Uzbekistan, and further east in what is today China's Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region, the Soghdian intermediaries became the wealthiest of these Iranian merchants.
Macedonian ruler Alexander the Great conquered in 327 BC the Persian Empire provinces Sogdiana and Bactria, which contained the territories of modern Uzbekistan.
For many centuries the region of Uzbekistan was ruled by the Persian empires, including the Parthian and Sassanid Empires, as well as by other empires, for example those formed by the Turko-Persian Hephthalite and Turkic Gokturk peoples.
[30] Two Sart men and two Sart boys in Samarkand , c. 1910 During this period, most of present Uzbekistan was part of Chagatai Khanate except Khwarezm was part of Golden Horde .
[37] Before the arrival of the Russians, present Uzbekistan was divided between Emirate of Bukhara and khanates of Khiva and Kokand .
There were 210,306 Russians living in Uzbekistan in 1912.
By the beginning of 1920, Central Asia was firmly in the hands of Russia and, despite some early resistance to the Bolsheviks , Uzbekistan and the rest of the Central Asia became a part of the Soviet Union .
From 1941 to 1945, during World War II , 1,433,230 people from Uzbekistan fought in the Red Army against Nazi Germany .
[39] On 20 June 1990, Uzbekistan declared its state sovereignty.
On 31 August 1991, Uzbekistan declared independence after the failed coup attempt in Moscow. 1 September was proclaimed the National Independence Day.
Islam Karimov, ruler of Uzbekistan since independence, died on 2 September 2016.
[40] Politics [ edit ] Main article: Politics of Uzbekistan The Legislative Chamber of the Supreme Assembly (Lower House).
Islam Karimov , the first President of Uzbekistan, during a visit to the Pentagon in 2002.
Shavkat Mirziyoyev , the second President of Uzbekistan, who succeeded Islam Karimov after his death in 2016.
After Uzbekistan declared independence from the Soviet Union in 1991, an election was held, and Islam Karimov was elected as the first President of Uzbekistan.
Human rights [ edit ] Main article: Human rights in Uzbekistan See also: Andijan massacre The Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan asserts that "democracy in the Republic of Uzbekistan shall be based upon common human principles, according to which the highest value shall be the human being, his life, freedom, honour, dignity and other inalienable rights."
The official position is summarised in a memorandum "The measures taken by the government of the Republic of Uzbekistan in the field of providing and encouraging human rights" [41] and amounts to the following: the government does everything that is in its power to protect and to guarantee the human rights of Uzbekistan's citizens.
Uzbekistan continuously improves its laws and institutions in order to create a more humane society.
[42] On 2 August 2005, President Islam Karimov signed a decree that abolished capital punishment in Uzbekistan on 1 January 2008.
[43] Old Uzbek man from central Uzbekistan.
However, non-governmental human rights watchdogs , such as IHF , Human Rights Watch , Amnesty International , as well as United States Department of State and Council of the European Union define Uzbekistan as "an authoritarian state with limited civil rights" [19] and express profound concern about "wide-scale violation of virtually all basic human rights".
Recent reports on violations on human rights in Uzbekistan indicate that violations are still going on without any improvement.
[47] The 2005 civil unrest in Uzbekistan , which resulted in several hundred people being killed, is viewed by many as a landmark event in the history of human rights abuse in Uzbekistan.
The government of Uzbekistan is accused of unlawful termination of human life and of denying its citizens freedom of assembly and freedom of expression.
[51] In addition, some officials claim that "an information war on Uzbekistan has been declared" and the human rights violations in Andijan are invented by the enemies of Uzbekistan as a convenient pretext for intervention in the country's internal affairs.
[52] Uzbekistan also maintains the world's second highest rate of modern slavery with 3.97% [53] of the country's population working as modern slaves.
In real terms, this means that there are currently 1.2 million modern slaves [53] in Uzbekistan.
[54] Administrative divisions [ edit ] Main articles: Regions of Uzbekistan and Districts of Uzbekistan Uzbekistan is divided into twelve provinces ( viloyatlar , singular viloyat , compound noun viloyati e.g., Toshkent viloyati , Samarqand viloyati , etc.), one autonomous republic ( respublika , compound noun respublikasi e.g.
Political Map of Uzbekistan Division Capital City Area (km²) Population (2008) [55] Key Andijan Region Andijon Viloyati Andijan Andijon 4,200 2,477,900 2 Bukhara Region Buxoro Viloyati Bukhara Buxoro 39,400 1,576,800 3 Fergana Region Fargʻona Viloyati Fergana Fargʻona 6,800 2,997,400 4 Jizzakh Region Jizzax Viloyati Jizzakh Jizzax 20,500 1,090,900 5 Karakalpakstan Republic Karakalpak : Qaraqalpaqstan Respublikasiʻ Uzbek : Qoraqalpogʻiston Respublikasi Nukus No‘kis Nukus 160,000 1,612,300 14 Kashkadarya Region Qashqadaryo Viloyati Karshi Qarshi 28,400 2,537,600 8 Khorezm Region Xorazm Viloyati Urgench Urganch 6,300　 1,517,600 13 Namangan Region Namangan Viloyati Namangan Namangan 7,900 2,196,200 6 Navoiy Region Navoiy Viloyati Navoiy Navoiy 110,800 834,100 7 Samarkand Region Samarqand Viloyati Samarkand Samarqand 16,400　 3,032,000 9 Surkhandarya Region Surxondaryo Viloyati Termez Termiz 20,800 2,012,600 11 Syrdarya Region Sirdaryo Viloyati Gulistan Guliston 5,100 698,100 10 Tashkent City Toshkent Shahri Tashkent Toshkent 335 2,352,900 1 Tashkent Region Toshkent Viloyati Tashkent Toshkent 15,300　 2,537,500 12 The statistics for Toshkent Viloyati also include the statistics for Toshkent Shahri.
Economy [ edit ] Main article: Economy of Uzbekistan Tashkent Samarkand Uzbekistan has the fourth largest gold deposits in the world.
Uzbekistan's copper deposits rank tenth in the world and its uranium deposits twelfth.
The country has significant untapped reserves of oil and gas: there are 194 deposits of hydrocarbons in Uzbekistan, including 98 condensate and natural gas deposits and 96 gas condensate deposits.
[ citation needed ] The largest corporations involved in Uzbekistan's energy sector are the China National Petroleum Corporation (CNPC), Petronas , the Korea National Oil Corporation , Gazprom , Lukoil , and Uzbekneftegas .
[ citation needed ] Along with many Commonwealth of Independent States or CIS economies, Uzbekistan's economy declined during the first years of transition and then recovered after 1995, as the cumulative effect of policy reforms began to be felt.
[ citation needed ] Uzbekistan has GNI per capita (US$1,900 in current dollars in 2013, giving a PPP equivalent of US$3,800).
In 2011, Uzbekistan was the world's seventh-largest producer and fifth-largest exporter of cotton [61] as well as the seventh largest world producer of gold.
[62] Agriculture employs 26% of Uzbekistan's labour force and contributes 18% of its GDP (2012 data).
[21] Cultivable land is 4.4 million hectares, or about 10% of Uzbekistan's total area.
[64] The use of child labour in Uzbekistan has led several companies, including Tesco, [65] C&A, [66] Marks & Spencer, Gap, and H&M, to boycott Uzbek cotton.
Since 1994, the state-controlled media have repeatedly proclaimed the success of this "Uzbekistan Economic Model" [68] and suggested that it is a unique example of a smooth transition to the market economy while avoiding shock, pauperism and stagnation.
Corruption permeates the society and grows more rampant over time: Uzbekistan's 2005 Corruption Perception Index was 137 out of 159 countries, whereas in 2007 Uzbekistan was 175th out of 179 countries.
[69] The recent high-profile corruption scandals involving government contracts and large international companies, notably TeliaSoneria, have shown that businesses are particularly vulnerable to corruption when operating in Uzbekistan.
[72] For years, the largest barrier to foreign companies entering the Uzbekistan market has been the difficulty of converting currency.
Uzbekistan experienced rampant inflation of around 1000% per year immediately after independence (1992–1994).
[76] The government of Uzbekistan restricts foreign imports in many ways, including high import duties.
A number of CIS countries are officially exempt from Uzbekistan import duties.
Uzbekistan's external position has been strong since 2003.
[78] Uzbekistan is considered one of the fastest growing economies in the world (top 26) in the next decades according to a global bank HSBC survey [79] Demographics [ edit ] Main article: Demographics of Uzbekistan Newlywed couples visit Tamerlane 's statues to receive wedding blessings.
Uzbek children Uzbekistan is Central Asia's most populous country.
The population of Uzbekistan is very young: 34.1% of its people are younger than 14 (2008 estimate).
While official state numbers from Uzbekistan put the number at 5%, the number is said to be an understatement and some Western scholars put the number up to 20%–30%.
[82] Uzbekistan has an ethnic Korean population that was forcibly relocated to the region by Stalin from the Soviet Far East in 1937–1938.
There are also small groups of Armenians in Uzbekistan , mostly in Tashkent and Samarkand.
The Bukharan Jews have lived in Central Asia, mostly in Uzbekistan, for thousands of years.
There were 94,900 Jews in Uzbekistan in 1989 [83] (about 0.5% of the population according to the 1989 census ), but now, since the dissolution of the Soviet Union , most Central Asian Jews left the region for the United States, Germany, or Israel .
Fewer than 5,000 Jews remained in Uzbekistan in 2007.
[84] Russians in Uzbekistan represent 5.5% of the total population.
[88] Approximately 100,000 Crimean Tatars continue to live in Uzbekistan.
[91] At least 10% of Uzbekistan's labour force works abroad (mostly in Russia and Kazakhstan ).
Uzbekistan has a 99.3% literacy rate among adults older than 15 (2003 estimate), [12] which is attributable to the free and universal education system of the Soviet Union.
Life expectancy in Uzbekistan is 66 years among men and 72 years among women.
[93] Largest cities [ edit ]   v t e Largest cities or towns in Uzbekistan http://www.geonames.org/UZ/largest-cities-in-uzbekistan.html
Tashkent Namangan 1 Tashkent Tashkent 1,978,028 Samarkand 2 Namangan Namangan Province 432,456 3 Samarkand Samarkand Province 319,366 4 Andijan Andijan Province 318,419 5 Bukhara Bukhara Province 247,644 6 Nukus Karakalpakstan 230,006 7 Qarshi Qashqadaryo Province 222,898 8 Jizzakh Jizzakh Province 152,642 [94] 9 Fergana Fergana Province 164,322 10 Navoiy Navoiy Province 125,800 [95] Religion [ edit ] Main article: Religion in Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Religions [96] Islam    96% Christianity    2% other/unknown    2% Shakh-i Zindeh mosque, Samarkand.
Islam is by far the dominant religion in Uzbekistan, as Muslims constitute 96% of the population while 2% of the population follow Russian Orthodox Christianity , and 2% of the population follow other religions according to a 2009 US State Department release.
[97] However, a 2009 Pew Research Center report stated that Uzbekistan's population is 96.3%
Many versions of the faith have been practised in Uzbekistan.
[100] The end of Soviet power in Uzbekistan did not bring an upsurge of fundamentalism , as many had predicted, but rather a gradual re-acquaintance with the precepts of the faith.
[101] During World War II tens of thousands of Jews from the European parts of the Soviet Union arrived in Uzbekistan as refugees or were exiled by Stalin.
[101] At the late 1980s with the rise of nationalistic riots as a result of the dissolution of the Soviet Union, damaging, among others, the Jewish quarter in Andijan , most of the Jews of Uzbekistan emigrated to Israel and to the US.
[80] It is also found in large pockets in Kasan, Chust and Rishton in Fergana valley, as well as in Ahangaran, Baghistan in the middle Syr Darya district, and finally in, Shahrisabz , Kitab and the river valleys of Kafiringan and Chaganian, forming altogether, approximately 10–15% of the population of Uzbekistan.
However, it was reported in 2003 that over half of the population could speak and understand Russian, and a renewed close political relationship between Russia and Uzbekistan has meant that official discouragement of Russian has dropped off sharply.
In 1993 Uzbekistan shifted back to the Latin script, which was modified in 1996 and is being taught in schools since 2005.
[105] There are no language requirements for the citizenship of Uzbekistan.
[6] Communications [ edit ] Main article: Communications in Uzbekistan According to the official source report, as of 10 March 2008, the number of cellular phone users in Uzbekistan reached 7 million, up from 3.7 million on 1 July 2007.
[106] The largest mobile operator in terms of number of subscribers is MTS-Uzbekistan (former Uzdunrobita and part of Russian Mobile TeleSystems) and it is followed by Beeline (part of Russia's Beeline) and UCell (ex Coscom) (originally part of the U.S. MCT Corp., now a subsidiary of the Nordic/Baltic telecommunication company TeliaSonera AB).
[ citation needed ] Internet Censorship exists in Uzbekistan and in October 2012 the government toughened internet censorship by blocking access to proxy servers.
[108] Reporters Without Borders has named Uzbekistan's government an "Enemy of the Internet" and government control over the internet has increased dramatically since the start of the Arab Spring .
[109] The press in Uzbekistan practices self-censorship and foreign journalists have been gradually expelled from the country since the Andijan massacre of 2005 when government troops fired into crowds of protesters killing 187 according to official reports and estimates of several hundred by unofficial and witness accounts.
[109] Transportation [ edit ] Main article: Transport in Uzbekistan Central Station of Tashkent Afrosiyob high-speed train built by Spanish company Talgo Tashkent , the nation's capital and largest city, has a three-line rapid transit system built in 1977, and expanded in 2001 after ten years' independence from the Soviet Union .
Uzbekistan and Kazakhstan are currently the only two countries in Central Asia with a subway system.
Uzbekistan has plants that produce modern cars.
In May 2007 UzDaewooAuto , the car maker, signed a strategic agreement with General Motors-Daewoo Auto and Technology ( GMDAT , see GM Uzbekistan also).
[112] Train links connect many towns in Uzbekistan, as well as neighboring former republics of the Soviet Union.
Uzbekistan has launched the first high-speed railway in Central Asia in September 2011 between Tashkent and Samarqand .
Military [ edit ] Main article: Armed Forces of the Republic of Uzbekistan Uzbek troops during a cooperative operation exercise.
With close to 65,000 servicemen, Uzbekistan possesses the largest armed forces in Central Asia.
The government has accepted the arms control obligations of the former Soviet Union, acceded to the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (as a non-nuclear state), and supported an active program by the U.S. Defense Threat Reduction Agency (DTRA) in western Uzbekistan ( Nukus and Vozrozhdeniye Island ).
The Government of Uzbekistan spends about 3.7% of GDP on the military but has received a growing infusion of Foreign Military Financing (FMF) and other security assistance funds since 1998.
Following 11 September 2001 terrorist attacks in the U.S., Uzbekistan approved the U.S. Central Command 's request for access to an air base, the Karshi-Khanabad airfield, in southern Uzbekistan.
However, Uzbekistan demanded that the U.S. withdraw from the airbases after the Andijan massacre and the U.S. reaction to this massacre.
The last US troops left Uzbekistan in November 2005.
On 23 June 2006, Uzbekistan became a full participant in the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO), but informed the CSTO to suspend its membership in June 2012.
[114] Foreign relations [ edit ] Main articles: Foreign relations of Uzbekistan and International organization membership of Uzbekistan Embassy of Uzbekistan in Washington, D.C. .
Uzbekistan joined the Commonwealth of Independent States in December 1991.
Since that time, Uzbekistan has participated in the CIS peacekeeping force in Tajikistan and in UN-organized groups to help resolve the Tajikistan and Afghanistan conflicts, both of which it sees as posing threats to its own stability.
Previously close to Washington (which gave Uzbekistan half a billion dollars in aid in 2004, about a quarter of its military budget), the government of Uzbekistan has recently restricted American military use of the airbase at Karshi-Khanabad for air operations in neighboring Afghanistan.
[115] Uzbekistan was an active supporter of U.S. efforts against worldwide terrorism and joined the coalitions that have dealt with both Afghanistan and Iraq.
[ citation needed ] The relationship between Uzbekistan and the United States began to deteriorate after the so-called " colour revolutions " in Georgia and Ukraine (and to a lesser extent Kyrgyzstan ).
In late July 2005, the government of Uzbekistan ordered the United States to vacate an air base in Karshi-Kanabad (near Uzbekistan's border with Afghanistan) within 180 days.
This is another reason for the hostility between Uzbekistan and the West.
Uzbekistan is a member of the United Nations (UN) (since 2 March 1992), the Euro-Atlantic Partnership Council (EAPC), Partnership for Peace (PfP), and the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
In 1999, Uzbekistan joined the GUAM alliance (Georgia, Ukraine, Azerbaijan and Moldova ), which was formed in 1997 (making it GUUAM), but pulled out of the organization in 2005.
Leaders present at the SCO summit in Ufa , Russia in 2015 Uzbekistan is also a member of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) and hosts the SCO’s Regional Anti-Terrorist Structure (RATS) in Tashkent.
Uzbekistan joined the new Central Asian Cooperation Organisation (CACO) in 2002.
The CACO consists of Uzbekistan, Tajikistan , Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan.
In September 2006, UNESCO presented Islam Karimov an award for Uzbekistan's preservation of its rich culture and traditions.
Despite criticism, this seems to be a sign of improving relationships between Uzbekistan and the West.
The month of October 2006 also saw a decrease in the isolation of Uzbekistan from the West.
The EU announced that it was planning to send a delegation to Uzbekistan to talk about human rights and liberties, after a long period of hostile relations between the two.
Although it is equivocal about whether the official or unofficial version of the Andijan Massacre is true, the EU is evidently willing to ease its economic sanctions against Uzbekistan.
Nevertheless, it is generally assumed among Uzbekistan's population that the government will stand firm in maintaining its close ties with the Russian Federation and in its theory that the 2004–2005 protests in Uzbekistan were promoted by the USA and UK.
In January 2008, Lola Karimova-Tillyaeva was appointed to her current role as Uzbekistan’s ambassador to UNESCO .
Karimova-Tillyaeva and her team have been instrumental in promoting inter-cultural dialogue by increasing European society’s awareness of Uzbekistan’s cultural and historical heritage.
Culture [ edit ] Main article: Culture of Uzbekistan See also: Kurash , Islam in Uzbekistan , and Scout Association of Uzbekistan Traditional Uzbek pottery .
Embroidery from Uzbekistan Navoi Opera Theater in Tashkent Uzbekistan has a wide mix of ethnic groups and cultures, with the Uzbek being the majority group.
In 1995 about 71% of Uzbekistan's population was Uzbek.
It is said, however, that the number of non-Uzbek people living in Uzbekistan is decreasing as Russians and other minority groups slowly leave and Uzbeks return from other parts of the former Soviet Union .
When Uzbekistan gained independence in 1991, there was concern that Muslim fundamentalism would spread across the region.
As of 1994, over half of Uzbekistan's population was said to be Muslim, though in an official survey few of that number had any real knowledge of the religion or knew how to practice it.
Music [ edit ] Sevara Nazarkhan Dance of a Bacha in Samarkand between 1905 and 1915 Westminster International University main building in Summer Silk and Spice Festival in Bukhara Main article: Music of Uzbekistan The neutrality of this section is disputed .
The classical music in Uzbekistan is very different to pop music.
[ citation needed ] Education [ edit ] Uzbekistan has a high literacy rate , with about 99.3% of adults above the age of 15 being able to read and write.
There are two international schools operating in Uzbekistan, both in Tashkent: The British School catering for elementary students only, and Tashkent International School, a K-12 international curriculum school.
Uzbekistan has encountered severe budget shortfalls in its education program.
[116] Uzbekistan's universities create almost 600,000 graduates annually, though the general standard of university graduates, and the overall level of education within the tertiary system is low.
Holidays [ edit ] See also: Public holidays in Uzbekistan 1 January: New Year, "Yangi Yil Bayrami" 14 January: Day of Defenders of the Motherland, "Vatan Himoyachilari kuni" 8 March: International Women's Day, "Xalqaro Xotin-Qizlar kuni" 21 March: Nowruz, "Navroʻz Bayrami" 9 May: Remembrance Day, "Xotira va Qadirlash kuni" 1 September: Independence Day, "Mustaqillik kuni" 1 October: Teacher's Day, "Oʻqituvchi va Murabbiylar" 8 December: Constitution Day, "Konstitutsiya kuni" Variable date End of Ramazon Ramazon Hayit Eid al-Fitr 70 days later Qurbon Hayit Eid al-Adha Cuisine [ edit ] Palov Uzbek manti Main article: Uzbek cuisine See also: List of Uzbek dishes and Soviet cuisine Uzbek cuisine is influenced by local agriculture , as in most nations.
There is a great deal of grain farming in Uzbekistan, so breads and noodles are of importance and Uzbek cuisine has been characterized as "noodle-rich".
Uzbekistan's signature dish is palov ( plov or osh ), a main course typically made with rice , pieces of meat , and grated carrots and onions .
The use of alcohol is less widespread than in the West, but wine is comparatively popular for a Muslim nation as Uzbekistan is largely secular.
Uzbekistan has 14 wineries, the oldest and most famous being the Khovrenko Winery in Samarkand (established in 1927).
Sport [ edit ] Main article: Sport in Uzbekistan See also: Uzbekistan at the Olympics , Football in Uzbekistan , and Rugby union in Uzbekistan Uzbekistan is home to former racing cyclist Djamolidine Abdoujaparov .
Artur Taymazov won Uzbekistan's first wrestling medal at the 2000 Summer Olympic Games , as well as three gold medals at the 2004 , 2008 Summer Olympic Games and 2012 Summer Olympic Games in Men's 120 kg.
Ruslan Chagaev is a former professional boxer representing Uzbekistan in the WBA.
Uzbekistan is the home of the International Kurash Association.
Football is the most popular sport in Uzbekistan.
Uzbekistan's premier football league is the Uzbek League , which features again 16 teams since 2015.
Pakhtakor with 10 seasons won holds the record for the most Uzbekistan champion title.
Uzbekistan's football clubs regularly participates in the AFC Champions League and the AFC Cup .
Before Uzbekistan's independence in 1991, the country used to be part of the Soviet Union football , rugby union , basketball , ice hockey , and handball national teams.
After Uzbekistan got split up from the Soviet Union , Uzbekistan created its own football , rugby union , basketball and futsal national teams.
Tennis is also a very popular sport in Uzbekistan, especially after Uzbekistan's independence in 1991.
Uzbekistan also has its own Tennis Federation called the "UTF" (Uzbekistan Tennis Federation) that was created in 2002.
Uzbekistan also hosts an International WTA tennis tournament called the "Tashkent Open", which is held in Uzbekistan's capital city.
The most notable active players from Uzbekistan are Denis Istomin and Akgul Amanmuradova .
Chess is quite popular in Uzbekistan.
Other popular sports in Uzbekistan include basketball , judo , team handball , baseball , taekwondo , and futsal .
Djamolidine Abdoujaparov is the most famous cyclist in Uzbekistan, winning three Tour de France point contests.
Ruslan Chagaev Denis Istomin at the 2009 US Open Odil Ahmedov Ravshan Irmatov See also [ edit ] Book: Uzbekistan Outline of Uzbekistan Index of Uzbekistan-related articles Afghanistan-Uzbekistan Friendship Bridge Agriculture in Uzbekistan Central Asian Union Cuisine of Uzbekistan Economy of Uzbekistan Human rights in Uzbekistan List of Uzbeks Politics of Uzbekistan President of Uzbekistan Prime Minister of Uzbekistan Public holidays in Uzbekistan Senate of Uzbekistan Supreme Court of Uzbekistan Tourism in Uzbekistan Transport in Uzbekistan Trans-Caspian railway Women in Uzbekistan Geography portal Asia portal Central Asia portal Uzbekistan portal References [ edit ] ^ "Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan" .
^ a b c Languages in Uzbekistan – Facts and Details ^ Ethnologue : Ethnologue Languages of the World – Uzbekistan – Languages ^ Foltz, Richard (1996).
"The Tajiks of Uzbekistan".
Tajikis within and outside of the republic, Samarkand State University (SamGU) academic and international commentators suggest that there may be between six and seven million Tajiks in Uzbekistan, constituting 30% of the republic's 22 million population, rather than the official figure of 4.7% (Foltz 1996;213; Carlisle 1995:88).
^ a b c d Jonson, Lena (1976) Tajikistan in the New Central Asia , I.B.Tauris, ISBN 085771726X , p. 108: "According to official Uzbek statistics there are slightly over 1 million Tajiks in Uzbekistan or about 3% of the population.
"Uzbekistan: A Regional Player in Eurasian Geopolitics?" .
^ Number of permanent population of Uzbekistan makes up 32.12 million people .
^ a b c d Uzbekistan reports .
^ "Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan" .
^ a b US Department of State, 2008 Country Report on Human Rights Practices in Uzbekistan , Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labour, 25 February 2009 ^ "Countries of the world" .
^ a b c Uzbekistan will publish its own book of records – Ferghana.ru .
^ a b Climate , Uzbekistan : Country Studies – Federal Research Division, Library of Congress.
In Glenn E. Curtis (Ed.), Uzbekistan: A Country Study .
^ "Uzbekistan: Environmental disaster on a colossal scale" .
"Uzbekistan", chapter 5 in: Glenn E. Curtis (Ed.), Kazakstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan: Country Studies .
"Uzbekistan", chapter 5 in: Glenn E. Curtis (Ed.), Kazakstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan: Country Studies .
^ Medical Links between India & Uzbekistan in Medieval Times by Hakim Syed Zillur Rahman , Historical and Cultural Links between India & Uzbekistan, Khuda Bakhsh Oriental Library , Patna, 1996.
ISBN 9231039857 ^ "Obituary: Uzbekistan President Islam Karimov" .
^ Embassy of Uzbekistan to the US, Press-Release: "The measures taken by the government of the Republic of Uzbekistan in the field of providing and encouraging human rights" , 24 October 2005 ^ Uzbekistan Daily Digest, "Archived copy" .
CS1 maint: Unfit url ( link ) , 25 December 2007 ^ https://www.hrw.org/world-report/2015/country-chapters/uzbekistan
CS1 maint: Unfit url ( link ) , 23 June 2004 ^ OMCT and Legal Aid Society , Denial of justice in Uzbekistan – an assessment of the human rights situation and national system of protection of fundamental rights , April 2005.
^ World Report 2015: Uzbekistan | Human Rights Watch .
"Uzbekistan: Report Cites Evidence Of Government 'Massacre' In Andijon – Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty/Radio Liberty/Radio Liberty" .
^ "Uzbekistan: Independent international investigation needed into Andizhan events" .
^ "Press-service of the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan:" .
^ "Forced Cotton-Picking Earns Uzbekistan Shameful Spot In 'Slavery Index ' " .
^ "Statistical Review of Uzbekistan 2008" (PDF) .
^ "Country Profile: Uzbekistan" .
^ "Uzbekistan: Korean government uses Uzbek cotton to make banknotes" .
^ "C&A Code of Conduct for Uzbekistan" .
"New Report Paints Grim Picture of Uzbekistan" .
^ "Business Corruption in Uzbekistan" .
^ "Uzbekistan: Economic Overview" .
^ 2011 Investment Climate Statement – Uzbekistan .
US Department of State, March 2011 ^ "Press Release: The Republic of Uzbekistan Accepts Article VIII Obligations" .
^ Uzbekistan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs on IMF's role in economic stabilisation .
Retrieved 22 June 2009 ^ "Asian Development Outlook 2005 – Uzbekistan" .
^ "Uzbekistan CPI 2003–2007" .
^ "Uzbekistan" (in Russian).
"The Tajiks of Uzbekistan".
"Uzbekistan: A Regional Player in Eurasian Geopolitics?" .
^ The Russians are Still Leaving Uzbekistan For Kazakhstan Now .
^ World Directory of Minorities and Indigenous Peoples – Uzbekistan : Meskhetian Turks .
CS1 maint: Unfit url ( link ) , Asia Briefing N°67, 22 August 2007 ^ "Islam Karimov: Uzbekistan president's death confirmed – BBC News" .
(October 2009) ^ "Uzbekistan" .
Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life (October 2009) ^ a b "A Country Study: Uzbekistan" .
^ a b c d e " Uzbekistan ".
"Constitution of the Republic of Uzbekistan" .
^ "Uzbekistan's Russian-Language Conundrum" .
The New Woman in Uzbekistan: Islam, Modernity, and Unveiling Under Communism .
^ Uzbekistan agency for Communication and Information (UzACI) [1] and UzDaily.com
^ Uzbekistan toughens Internet censorship .
(11 October 2012) ^ a b Uzbekistan profile – Media – BBC News .
^ "Uzbekistan, General Motors sign strategic deal" .
^ "Uzbekistan quits Russia-led CSTO military bloc" .
^ Kozlova, Marina (21 January 2008) Uzbekistan: Lessons in Graft .
^ "Uzbekistan's new Olympic Light Flyweight Champion Hasanboy Dusmatov wins the Val Barker Trophy for the outstanding male boxer of Rio 2016" .
Online sources [ edit ] Environmental Justice Foundation , February 2010, Slave Nation – A report exposing the continued use of state-sponsored forced child labour in the cotton fields of Uzbekistan, Anora Mahmudova, AlterNet , 27 May 2005, Uzbekistan’s Growing Police State (checked 2005-11-08) Manfred Nowak , Radio Free Europe , 2005-06-23, UN Charges Uzbekistan With Post-Andijon Torture , Gulnoza Saidazimova, Radio Free Europe, 2005-06-22, Uzbekistan: Tashkent reveals findings on Andijon uprising as victims mourned BBC News , 'Harassed' BBC shuts Uzbek office , 2005-10-26 (checked 2005-11-15) UNDP/CER/CCI's Public-Private Partnership in Uzbekistan: Problems, Opportunities and Ways of Introduction UNDP & Chamber of Commerce and Industry "Export Guide for Uzbekistan" IMF, 2005-09-24 Republic of Uzbekistan and the IMF External links [ edit ] Wikimedia Commons has media related to Uzbekistan .
Wikivoyage has a travel guide for Uzbekistan .
National Information Agency of Uzbekistan Tashkent directory Lower House of Uzbekistan parliament Chief of State and Cabinet Members General information "Uzbekistan" .
Uzbekistan Corruption Profile from the Business Anti-Corruption Portal Uzbekistan from the U.S. Library of Congress includes Background Notes, Country Study and major reports Uzbek Publishing and National Bibliography from the University of Illinois Slavic and East European Library Uzbekistan at UCB Libraries GovPubs List of cities and populations Uzbekistan at DMOZ Uzbekistan profile from the BBC News Wikimedia Atlas of Uzbekistan Key Development Forecasts for Uzbekistan from International Futures Media National Television and Radio Company of Uzbekistan   International membership v t e Economic Cooperation Organization (ECO) Agreements Economic Cooperation Organization Trade Agreement Summits Tehran 1992 Istanbul 1993 Islamabad 1995 Ashgabat 1996 Almaty 1998 Tehran 2000 Istanbul 2002 Dushanbe 2004 Baku 2006 Tehran 2009 Istanbul 2010 Baku 2012 Islamabad 2016 Member     Afghanistan     Azerbaijan     Iran     Kazakhstan     Kyrgyzstan     Pakistan     Tajikistan     Turkey     Turkmenistan     Uzbekistan Observers Countries   Northern Cyprus (as Turkish Cypriot State ) International organizations Organisation of Islamic Cooperation Turkic Council v t e Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) Customs Union of Belarus, Kazakhstan, and Russia Eurasian Economic Union Union State Membership Members Armenia Azerbaijan Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Moldova Russia Tajikistan Uzbekistan Associate members Turkmenistan Ukraine Former members Georgia (1993–2009) History Russian Empire Soviet Union Union of Sovereign States Belavezha Accords ( Near abroad ) Alma-Ata Protocol Sports Unified Team at the Olympics Unified Team at the Paralympics CIS national bandy team CIS national football team CIS national ice hockey team CIS national rugby team CIS Cup (football) Military Collective Security Treaty Organization Collective Rapid Reaction Force Joint CIS Air Defense System Economics Economic Court CISFTA Eurasian Economic Community Eurasian Patent Convention Eurasian Patent Organization EU Technical Aid Organization Interstate Aviation Committee Category v t e Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) Members Afghanistan Albania Algeria Azerbaijan Bahrain Bangladesh Benin Burkina Faso Brunei Cameroon Chad Comoros Djibouti Egypt Gabon Gambia Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Indonesia Iran Iraq Ivory Coast Jordan Kuwait Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Lebanon Libya Maldives Malaysia Mali Mauritania Morocco Mozambique Niger Nigeria Oman Pakistan Palestine Qatar Saudi Arabia Senegal Sierra Leone Somalia Sudan Suriname Tajikistan Turkey Tunisia Togo Turkmenistan Uganda Uzbekistan United Arab Emirates Yemen Suspended Syria Observers Countries and territories Bosnia and Herzegovina Central African Republic Northern Cyprus 1 Russia Thailand Muslim communities Moro National Liberation Front International organizations Economic Cooperation Organization African Union Arab League Non-Aligned Movement United Nations 1 As the "Turkish Cypriot State".
v t e Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) Member states Armenia Belarus Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Russia v t e Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) Summits Beijing 2012 Dushanbe 2014 Member states China India Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Pakistan Russia Tajikistan Uzbekistan Observer states Afghanistan Iran Mongolia Dialogue partners Belarus Sri Lanka Turkey Guests ASEAN CIS Turkmenistan See also Eurasian Land Bridge Three Evils Working languages Chinese Russian v t e International Organization of Turkic Culture (TÜRKSOY) Members   Azerbaijan   Găgăuzia   Kazakhstan   Kyrgyzstan   Northern Cyprus   Sakha Republic   Tatarstan   Turkey   Turkmenistan   Uzbekistan Former   Altai Republic   Bashkortostan   Khakassia   Tuva v t e Uzbekistan   articles History Transoxiana Samanid dynasty Kara-Khanid Khanate Timurid dynasty Khanate of Kokand Until 1876 Basmachi Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic 1876–1991 Since 1991 Geography Cities Districts Extreme points Forests Lakes Mountains National parks Provinces Rivers Politics Constitution Elections Foreign relations Human rights LGBT Law enforcement Supreme Assembly (Parliament) Political parties Supreme Court President of Uzbekistan Military Army Navy Air Force History Ranks Economy Companies Som (currency) Taxation Telecommunications Internet domain Tourism Transport Society Anthem Coat of arms Demographics Education Ethnic groups Flag Healthcare Languages People Public holidays Scouting Culture Cinema Cuisine Literature Media newspapers radio television Music Religion Sport Outline Index Book Category Portal Authority control WorldCat Identities VIAF : 130982800 LCCN : n91129869 GND : 4062199-6 HDS : 44996 NDL : 00577488 Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Uzbekistan&oldid=762926819 " Categories : Uzbekistan Central Asian countries Landlocked countries Member states of the Commonwealth of Independent States Member states of the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation Member states of the United Nations Modern Turkic states States and territories established in 1991 Muslim-majority countries Republics 1991 establishments in Asia Hidden categories: CS1 Russian-language sources (ru) Webarchive template wayback links CS1 maint: Unfit url All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from June 2016 Pages using ISBN magic links Use dmy dates from January 2017 Coordinates on Wikidata Articles containing Uzbek-language text All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from October 2012 Articles including recorded pronunciations Articles containing Russian-language text Articles needing additional references from February 2016 All articles needing additional references Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016 Articles with unsourced statements from August 2013 Articles with unsourced statements from March 2009 Articles with unsourced statements from October 2016 Articles with unsourced statements from June 2010 Articles with unsourced statements from April 2012 Articles with unsourced statements from November 2014 NPOV disputes from August 2012 All NPOV disputes Articles with unsourced statements from August 2012 Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Articles with DMOZ links Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with LCCN identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikinews Wikivoyage Languages Acèh Адыгэбзэ Адыгабзэ Afrikaans Alemannisch አማርኛ Ænglisc العربية Aragonés ܐܪܡܝܐ Arpetan অসমীয়া Asturianu Azərbaycanca تۆرکجه বাংলা Bân-lâm-gú Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ भोजपुरी Bikol Central Български Boarisch བོད་ཡིག Bosanski Brezhoneg Буряад Català Чӑвашла Cebuano Čeština ChiShona ChiTumbuka Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ދިވެހިބަސް Diné bizaad Dolnoserbski ཇོང་ཁ Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Estremeñu Euskara Eʋegbe فارسی Fiji Hindi Føroyskt Français Frysk Gaeilge Gaelg Gagauz Gàidhlig Galego Gĩkũyũ ગુજરાતી गोंयची कोंकणी / Gõychi Konknni 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî Хальмг 한국어 Hausa Հայերեն हिन्दी Hornjoserbsce Hrvatski Ido Ilokano বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Interlingue Ирон Íslenska Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ Kapampangan Къарачай-малкъар ქართული Kaszëbsczi Қазақша Kernowek Kinyarwanda Kiswahili Коми Kongo Kreyòl ayisyen Kurdî Кыргызча Ladino Лезги لۊری شومالی Latina Latviešu Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Ligure Limburgs Lingála Livvinkarjala Lumbaart Magyar Македонски Malagasy മലയാളം Malti मराठी მარგალური مصرى مازِرونی Bahasa Melayu Baso Minangkabau Mìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄ Мокшень Монгол မြန်မာဘာသာ Nāhuatl Dorerin Naoero Nederlands नेपाली नेपाल भाषा 日本語 Нохчийн Norfuk / Pitkern Norsk bokmål Norsk nynorsk Novial Occitan Олык марий ଓଡ଼ିଆ Oromoo Oʻzbekcha/ўзбекча ਪੰਜਾਬੀ पालि پنجابی Papiamentu پښتو Patois Piemontèis Plattdüütsch Polski Português Qaraqalpaqsha Qırımtatarca Română Runa Simi Русиньскый Русский Саха тыла Sámegiella संस्कृतम् Scots Shqip Sicilianu සිංහල Simple English سنڌي SiSwati Slovenčina Slovenščina Ślůnski Soomaaliga کوردیی ناوەندی Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Basa Sunda Suomi Svenska Tagalog தமிழ் Татарча/tatarça తెలుగు Tetun ไทย Тоҷикӣ ᏣᎳᎩ Türkçe Türkmençe Тыва дыл Удмурт ᨅᨔ ᨕᨘᨁᨗ Українська اردو ئۇيغۇرچە / Uyghurche Vèneto Vepsän kel’ Tiếng Việt Volapük Võro Winaray Wolof 吴语 ייִדיש Yorùbá 粵語 Zazaki Zeêuws Žemaitėška 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 31 January 2017, at 13:27.
Voyages Jules Verne Voyages Jules Verne search 020 3131 5187 email home destinations offers Brochures reviews blog about us menu Destination Continent Europe Tours Africa Tours Middle East Tours Asia Tours The Americas Tours Country Holiday Duration Up to 7 nights Up to 14 nights Up to 21 nights By Tour Departure   More Options Find More Walking Content Level   Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 4 Departure Airport Airport Doha International Airport Sandakan Airport Bahar Dar Airport Stansted Airport Phuquoc Airport Raja Sansi Airport Salalah International Airport Da Nang Airport Linate Airport El Calafate Airport Helsinki Naples Aswan Airport Larnaca International Airport Mumbai Pisa Pochentong Airport guatemala Narita Airport havana Rajkot Airport Warsaw International Airport Ministro Pistarini International Airport lima Srinagar Airport Dabok Airport Matecana Airport Patna Airport Oslo Airport Heathrow Airport Beijing Capital Airport Xi An Xianyang Airport Ivalo Airport Lyon Valletta Airport Iguazu International Airport Munich International Airport W. A. Mozart Airport Domodedovo Airport Amsterdam san jose Kiev Borispol Airport BOGOTA Ercan Airport hyderabad Prague Horta Airport Langnes Airport zzzzz Avignon El Loa Airport Guilin Airport Vienna International Airport buenos aires Kilimanjaro Airport chiang mai Luxor Airport Hurghada Airport Chikkalthana Airport Athens St. Petersburg Juliaca Airport Velasco Astete Airport Tashkent International Airport Brussels Cancun International Airport Mataveri International Airport Sheremetyevo Airport Francisco Sa Carneiro Airport Ponta Delgada Airport Puerto Maldonado Airport Glasgow International Airport Luang Prabang Airport Bandaranaike Airport Lille Managua El Eden Airport VICTORIA FALLS La Marguita Airport Rio de Janeiro-Galeão International Airport Chateau Bougon Airport Lalibela Airport mexico Bristol International Airport Charles de Gaulle Airport Mulu Airport La Coruna Airport Chengdu Airport Annisaton Airport Gare Du Nord Siem Reap Airport Tallin Hongqiao Airport Rangoon Muscat Airport Bordeaux Airport Venice Marrakech Airport Longyearbyen Airport Budapest Cataratas Airport Beograd Airport Malpensa Airport Bangkok London St Pancras madrid Birmingham Airport Kranebitten Airport Amman Aqaba Airport Dubai Airport Kuala Lumpur International Airport Reykjavik guayaquil Abu Dhabi International Airport Leonardo da Vinci (Fiumicino) Airport Jorge Newbery Airport Krakow cochin Imam Khomeini International Airport Bangalore Almaty Airport Istanbul Airport Noibai Airport Dubrovnik Addis Ababa Airport Gatwick Airport Seychelles International Airport Santiago Newcastle Airport Chabua Airport San Pablo Airport Seville Livingstone Airport Axum Airport Saint Egidio Airport Copenhagen Airport Palese Macchie Airport Cagliari Terceira Airport Tirana Airport Khartoum Airport Babatpur Airport kathmandu Zurich Airport Verona Airport Ciampino Airport Santiago De Compostela Airport Johannesburg International Airport Kuching Airport Edinburgh Schonefeld Airport quito trivandrum Nairobi Iasi Airport Marseille Manchester Sangneer Airport Presidente Ibanez Airport Haneda Airport Tan Son Nhut International Airport barcelona Shanghai Dar Es Salaam Airport Delhi medellin Rodriguez Ballon Airport Rafael Nunez Airport Zanzibar Airport Nha-Trang Airport Hong Kong International Airport Cape Town Hue Airport Singapore Fontanarossa Airport Lausanne Bucharest Berlin Bagdogra Airport Cairo International Airport Lyon-Saint Exupéry Airport Pleso Airport Funchal Airport Wattay Airport Kota Kinabalu Airport Gare Due Lyon Yerevan Airport Borjhar Airport Lisbon Miami International Airport Luton Airport Simon Bolivar Airport Galapagos Islands Airport Basel Kolkata Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport WINDHOEK Pablo Ruiz Picasso Airport Frankfurt International Airport Dabolim Airport Golubovci Airport Theme HighLights Short Breaks Touring Classic Resorts Cruises Rail Journeys Wildlife No Single Supplement New Tours Secrets No Single Supplement Europe Albania Armenia Austria Bulgaria Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Estonia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Hungary Iceland Italy Latvia Lithuania Malta Moldova Montenegro North Cyprus Norway Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Slovakia Spain Switzerland The Netherlands Turkey Africa Botswana Ethiopia Kenya Morocco Namibia Seychelles South Africa St. Helena Sudan Tanzania Tunisia Zambia Zimbabwe Middle East Egypt Iran Jordan Oman Asia Bhutan Burma Cambodia China Hong Kong India Japan Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Laos Malaysia and Borneo Mongolia Nepal Sri Lanka Thailand Uzbekistan Vietnam Americas Argentina Bolivia Brazil Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Honduras Mexico Nicaragua Panama Peru Themes HighLights Short Breaks Touring Classic Resorts Cruises Rail Journeys Wildlife No Single Supplement New Tours Secrets Home » Destination - Asia Tours » Visit Uzbekistan Visit Uzbekistan A tour of Uzbekistan will reveal a truly alien land filled with colour, culture, caravanserais and beautiful blue minarets and mausoleums.
The cities of Uzbekistan are the legacy of Tamburlaine and manifest in magnificent buildings and glorious Timurid mosques and shrines.
View Brochure No Single Supplement (limited dates/availability) The Golden Road to Samarkand Travelling the ancient Silk Road, one of the greatest trade routes in history group alert walk 11 nights from £2045 pp Weather Weather & Climate Uzbekistan has an extreme continental climate.
RevCan First Name * Surname * Email Address * Mobile Phone Landline Address Line 1 * Address Line 2 Address Line 3 City Country * Please select.. Albania Andorra Argentina Armenia Australia Austria Azerbaijan Belgium Bhutan Bolivia Botswana Brazil Bulgaria Burma Cambodia Canada Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Ecuador Egypt El Salvador El Salvadore Estonia Ethiopia Finland France Georgia Germany Greece Guatemala Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Ireland Israel Italy Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lithuania Luxembourg Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mexico Moldova Mongolia Montenegro Morocco Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua North Korea Norway Oman Panama Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Russia Serbia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Helena Sudan Sweden Switzerland Tanzania Thailand The Netherlands Tibet Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turks and Caicos Islands Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States of America Uzbekistan Vietnam Zambia Zimbabwe Please complete all mandatory fields.
Library Secondary Navigation Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Home Library Publications Resources The World Factbook   Please select a country to view World Afghanistan Akrotiri Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Arctic Ocean Argentina Armenia Aruba Ashmore and Cartier Islands Atlantic Ocean Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas, The Bahrain Baker Island Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia French Southern and Antarctic Lands Gabon Gambia, The Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Howland Island Hungary Iceland India Indian Ocean Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jarvis Island Jersey Johnston Atoll Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kingman Reef Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Midway Islands Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Navassa Island Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pacific Ocean Pakistan Palau Palmyra Atoll Panama Papua New Guinea Paracel Islands Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Southern Ocean South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Pacific Island Wildlife Refuges Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe European Union ABOUT History Copyright and Contributors Purchasing Did You Know? REFERENCES Regional and World Maps Flags of the World Gallery of Covers Definitions and Notes Guide to Country Profiles Guide to Country Comparisons The World Factbook Users Guide APPENDICES A: abbreviations B: international organizations and groups C: selected international environmental agreements D: cross-reference list of country data codes E: cross-reference list of hydrographic data codes F: cross-reference list of geographic names G: weights and measures FAQ s CONTACT Central Asia :: UZBEKISTAN Page last updated on January 12, 2017 The World Factbook × Central Asia :: UZBEKISTAN Flag Description three equal horizontal bands of blue (top), white, and green separated by red fimbriations with a white crescent moon (closed side to the hoist) and 12 white stars shifted to the hoist on the top band; blue is the color of the Turkic peoples and of the sky, white signifies peace and the striving for purity in thoughts and deeds, while green represents nature and is the color of Islam; the red stripes are the vital force of all living organisms that links good and pure ideas with the eternal sky and with deeds on earth; the crescent represents Islam and the 12 stars the months and constellations of the Uzbek calendar The World Factbook × Central Asia :: UZBEKISTAN View 2 photos of UZBEKISTAN The World Factbook × Central Asia :: UZBEKISTAN 1 / 2 Caption The Aral Sea, on the border between Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, has diminished dramatically since the 1950s when its water was diverted for unfettered irrigation.
In the 1960s, the Soviet Union began a massive irrigation project in what are now Kazakhstan, Uzbekistan, and Turkmenistan, diverting water from the rivers that feed the Aral Sea to irrigate farmland.
Agency Copyright Notice Previous Next The World Factbook × Central Asia :: UZBEKISTAN Introduction :: UZBEKISTAN Background: Russia conquered the territory of present-day Uzbekistan in the late 19th century.
Uzbekistan’s first president, Islom KARIMOV, led Uzbekistan for 25 years until his death in August 2016.
MIRZIYOYEV, who won the presidential election in December 2016, has sought to improve relations with Uzbekistan’s neighbors and proposed wide-ranging economic and judicial reforms.
Geography :: UZBEKISTAN Location: Central Asia, north of Turkmenistan, south of Kazakhstan Geographic coordinates: 41 00 N, 64 00 E Map references: Asia Area: total: 447,400 sq km land: 425,400 sq km water: 22,000 sq km country comparison to the world: 57 Area - comparative: about four times the size of Virginia; slightly larger than California Area comparison map: The World Factbook × Central Asia :: UZBEKISTAN Area Comparison about four times the size of Virginia; slightly larger than California Land boundaries: total: 6,893 km border countries (5): Afghanistan 144 km, Kazakhstan 2,330 km, Kyrgyzstan 1,314 km, Tajikistan 1,312 km, Turkmenistan 1,793 km Coastline: 0 km (doubly landlocked); note - Uzbekistan includes the southern portion of the Aral Sea with a 420 km shoreline Maritime claims: none (doubly landlocked) Climate: mostly mid-latitude desert, long, hot summers, mild winters; semiarid grassland in east Terrain: mostly flat-to-rolling sandy desert with dunes; broad, flat intensely irrigated river valleys along course of Amu Darya, Syr Darya (Sirdaryo), and Zarafshon; Fergana Valley in east surrounded by mountainous Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan; shrinking Aral Sea in west Elevation: mean elevation: NA elevation extremes: lowest point: Sariqamish Kuli -12 m highest point: Adelunga Toghi 4,301 m Natural resources: natural gas, petroleum, coal, gold, uranium, silver, copper, lead and zinc, tungsten, molybdenum Land use: agricultural land: 62.6% arable land 10.1%; permanent crops 0.8%; permanent pasture 51.7% forest: 7.7% other: 29.7% (2011 est.)
Irrigated land: 42,150 sq km (2012) Population - distribution: most of the population is concentrated in the fertile Fergana Valley in the easternmost arm of the country; the south has significant clusters of people, while the central and western deserts are sparsely populated Natural hazards: NA Environment - current issues: shrinkage of the Aral Sea has resulted in growing concentrations of chemical pesticides and natural salts; these substances are then blown from the increasingly exposed lake bed and contribute to desertification and respiratory health problems; water pollution from industrial wastes and the heavy use of fertilizers and pesticides is the cause of many human health disorders; increasing soil salination; soil contamination from buried nuclear processing and agricultural chemicals, including DDT Environment - international agreements: party to: Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Environmental Modification, Hazardous Wastes, Ozone Layer Protection, Wetlands signed, but not ratified: none of the selected agreements Geography - note: along with Liechtenstein, one of the only two doubly landlocked countries in the world People and Society :: UZBEKISTAN Population: 29,473,614 (July 2016 est.) country comparison to the world: 45 Nationality: noun: Uzbekistani adjective: Uzbekistani Ethnic groups: Uzbek 80%, Russian 5.5%, Tajik 5%, Kazakh 3%, Karakalpak 2.5%, Tatar 1.5%, other 2.5% (1996 est.)
Languages: Uzbek (official) 74.3%, Russian 14.2%, Tajik 4.4%, other 7.1% note: in the Karakalpakstan Republic, both the Karakalpak language and Uzbek have official status Religions: Muslim 88% (mostly Sunni), Eastern Orthodox 9%, other 3% Age structure: 0-14 years: 24.22% (male 3,658,960/female 3,480,659) 15-24 years: 19.22% (male 2,874,982/female 2,790,128) 25-54 years: 43.95% (male 6,444,288/female 6,510,741) 55-64 years: 7.54% (male 1,049,876/female 1,171,369) 65 years and over: 5.06% (male 637,408/female 855,203) (2016 est.) population pyramid: The World Factbook × Central Asia :: UZBEKISTAN Population Pyramid A population pyramid illustrates the age and sex structure of a country's population and may provide insights about political and social stability, as well as economic development.
School life expectancy (primary to tertiary education): total: 12 years male: 12 years female: 12 years (2011) Government :: UZBEKISTAN Country name: conventional long form: Republic of Uzbekistan conventional short form: Uzbekistan local long form: O'zbekiston Respublikasi local short form: O'zbekiston former: Uzbek Soviet Socialist Republic etymology: a combination of the Turkic words "uz" (self) and "bek" (master) with the Persian suffix "-stan" (country) to give the meaning "Land of the free" Government type: presidential republic; highly authoritarian Capital: name: Tashkent (Toshkent) geographic coordinates: 41 19 N, 69 15 E time difference: UTC+5 (10 hours ahead of Washington, DC, during Standard Time) Administrative divisions: 12 provinces (viloyatlar, singular - viloyat), 1 autonomous republic* (avtonom respublikasi), and 1 city** (shahar); Andijon Viloyati, Buxoro Viloyati, Farg'ona Viloyati, Jizzax Viloyati, Namangan Viloyati, Navoiy Viloyati, Qashqadaryo Viloyati (Qarshi), Qoraqalpog'iston Respublikasi [Karakalpakstan Republic]* (Nukus), Samarqand Viloyati, Sirdaryo Viloyati (Guliston), Surxondaryo Viloyati (Termiz), Toshkent Shahri [Tashkent City]**, Toshkent Viloyati [Tashkent province], Xorazm Viloyati (Urganch) note: administrative divisions have the same names as their administrative centers (exceptions have the administrative center name following in parentheses) Independence: 1 September 1991 (from the Soviet Union) National holiday: Independence Day, 1 September (1991) Constitution: several previous; latest adopted 8 December 1992; amended several times, last in 2014 (2016) Legal system: civil law system International law organization participation: has not submitted an ICJ jurisdiction declaration; non-party state to the ICCt Citizenship: citizenship by birth: no citizenship by descent only: at least one parent must be a citizen of Uzbekistan dual citizenship recognized: no residency requirement for naturalization: 5 years Suffrage: 18 years of age; universal Executive branch: chief of state: President Shavkat MIRZIYOYEV (interim president from 8 September 2016; formally elected president on 4 December 2016 to succeed longtime President Islom KARIMOV, who died on 2 September 2016) head of government: Prime Minister Abdulla ARIPOV (since 13 December 2016); First Deputy Prime Minister Rustam AZIMOV (since 2 January 2008) cabinet: Cabinet of Ministers appointed by the president with approval of both chambers of the Supreme Assembly (Oliy Majlis) elections/appointments: president directly elected by absolute majority popular vote in 2 rounds if needed for a 5-year term (eligible for a second term; previously a 5-year term, extended by a 2002 constitutional amendment to 7 years, and reverted to 5 years in 2011); election last held on 4 December 2016; prime minister nominated by majority party in legislature since 2011, but appointed along with the ministers and deputy ministers by the president election results: Shavkat MIRZIYOYEV elected president; percent of vote - Shavkat MIRZIYOYEV (LDPU) 88.6%, Khatamjon KETMONOV (NDP) 3.7%, Narimon UMAROV (Adolat) 3.5%, Sarvar OTAMURADOV 2.4%, other 1.8% Legislative branch: description: bicameral Supreme Assembly or Oliy Majlis consists of the Senate (100 seats; 84 members indirectly elected by regional governing councils and 16 appointed by the president; members serve 5-year terms) and the Legislative Chamber or Qonunchilik Palatasi (150 seats; 135 members directly elected in single-seat constituencies by absolute majority vote with a second round if needed and 15 indirectly elected by the Ecological Movement of Uzbekistan; members serve 5-year terms) note: all parties in the Supreme Assembly support President Shavkat MIRZIYOYEV elections: last held on 21 December 2014 and 4 January 2015 (next to be held in December 2019) election results: Senate - percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - NA; Legislative Chamber - percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - LDPU 52, National Rebirth Party 36, NDP 27, Adolat 20, Ecological Movement 15 Judicial branch: highest court(s): Supreme Court (consists of 34 judges organized in civil, criminal, and military sections); Constitutional Court (consists of 7 judges); Higher Economic Court (consists of 19 judges) judge selection and term of office: judges of the 3 highest courts nominated by the president and confirmed by the Oliy Majlis; judges appointed for 5-year terms subject to reappointment subordinate courts: regional, district, city, and town courts Political parties and leaders: Ecological Movement of Uzbekistan (O'zbekiston Ekologik Harakati) [Boriy ALIKHANOV] Justice (Adolat) Social Democratic Party of Uzbekistan [Narimon UMAROV] Liberal Democratic Party of Uzbekistan (O'zbekiston Liberal-Demokratik Partiyasi) or LDPU [Shavkat MIRZIYOYEV] National Revival Democratic Party of Uzbekistan (O'zbekiston Milliy Tiklanish Demokratik Partiyasi) [Sarvar OTAMURATOV] People's Democratic Party of Uzbekistan (Xalq Demokratik Partiyas) or NDP [Hotamjon KETMONOV] (formerly Communist Party) Political pressure groups and leaders: no significant opposition political parties or pressure groups in Uzbekistan International organization participation: ADB, CICA, CIS, CSTO, EAPC, EBRD, ECO, FAO, IAEA, IBRD, ICAO, ICC (national committees), ICCt, ICRM, IDA, IDB, IFAD, IFC, IFRCS, ILO, IMF, Interpol, IOC, ISO, ITSO, ITU, MIGA, NAM, OIC, OPCW, OSCE, PFP, SCO, UN, UN Security Council (temporary), UNCTAD, UNESCO, UNIDO, UNWTO, UPU, WCO, WFTU (NGOs), WHO, WIPO, WMO, WTO (observer) Diplomatic representation in the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Baxtiyor GULOMOV (since 18 July 2013) chancery: 1746 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20036 telephone: [1] (202) 887-5300 FAX: [1] (202) 293-6804 consulate(s) general: New York Diplomatic representation from the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Pamela L. SPRATLEN (since 21 January 2015) embassy: 3 Moyqo'rq'on, 5th Block, Yunusobod District, Tashkent 100093 mailing address: use embassy street address telephone: [998] (71) 120-5450 FAX: [998] (71) 120-6335 Flag description: three equal horizontal bands of blue (top), white, and green separated by red fimbriations with a white crescent moon (closed side to the hoist) and 12 white stars shifted to the hoist on the top band; blue is the color of the Turkic peoples and of the sky, white signifies peace and the striving for purity in thoughts and deeds, while green represents nature and is the color of Islam; the red stripes are the vital force of all living organisms that links good and pure ideas with the eternal sky and with deeds on earth; the crescent represents Islam and the 12 stars the months and constellations of the Uzbek calendar National symbol(s): khumo (mythical bird); national colors: blue, white, red, green National anthem: name: "O'zbekiston Respublikasining Davlat Madhiyasi" (National Anthem of the Republic of Uzbekistan) lyrics/music: Abdulla ARIPOV/Mutal BURHANOV note: adopted 1992; after the fall of the Soviet Union, Uzbekistan kept the music of the anthem from its time as a Soviet Republic but adopted new lyrics Economy :: UZBEKISTAN Economy - overview: Uzbekistan is a landlocked country with more than 60% of the population living in densely populated rural communities.
Despite ongoing efforts to diversify crops, Uzbekistani agriculture remains largely centered on cotton; Uzbekistan is the world's fifth largest cotton exporter and sixth largest producer.
Uzbekistan's growth has been driven primarily by state-led investments, and export of natural gas, gold, and cotton provides a significant share of foreign exchange earnings.
In 2015, Russia’s Gazprom announced it would reduce its natural gas imports from Uzbekistan but Tashkent continues to export natural gas to China and Chinese investments in the country have substantially increased.
In the past, Uzbekistani authorities have accused US and other foreign companies operating in Uzbekistan of violating Uzbekistani laws and have frozen and seized their assets.
At the same time, the Uzbekistani Government has actively courted several major US and international corporations, offering financing and tax advantages.
Recently, lower global commodity prices and economic slowdown in neighboring Russia and China have been hurting Uzbekistan's trade and investment and worsening its problem of currency shortage.
South Korea 12%, Kazakhstan 10.8%, Turkey 4.6%, Germany 4.4% (2015) Reserves of foreign exchange and gold: $14.5 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $15 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 67 Debt - external: $15.75 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $13.92 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 99 Stock of direct foreign investment - at home: $NA Stock of direct foreign investment - abroad: $NA Exchange rates: Uzbekistani soum (UZS) per US dollar - 2,963.7 (2016 est.) 2,569.6 (2015 est.) 2,569.6 (2014 est.) 2,311.4
Energy :: UZBEKISTAN Electricity - production: 53 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 52 Electricity - consumption: 48 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 50 Electricity - exports: 13 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 17 Electricity - imports: 13 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 15 Electricity - installed generating capacity: 13 million kW (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 53 Electricity - from fossil fuels: 86.2% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 86 Electricity - from nuclear fuels: 0% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 47 Electricity - from hydroelectric plants: 13.8% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 104 Electricity - from other renewable sources: 0% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 159 Crude oil - production: 60,130 bbl/day (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 51 Crude oil - exports: 27,000 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 51 Crude oil - imports: 360 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 80 Crude oil - proved reserves: 600 million bbl (1 January 2016 es) country comparison to the world: 49 Refined petroleum products - production: 67,900 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 75 Refined petroleum products - consumption: 64,000 bbl/day (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 94 Refined petroleum products - exports: 4,367 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 99 Refined petroleum products - imports: 0 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 215 Natural gas - production: 61.74 billion cu m (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 16 Natural gas - consumption: 47.04 billion cu m (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 20 Natural gas - exports: 14.7 billion cu m (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 17 Natural gas - imports: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 163 Natural gas - proved reserves: 1.841 trillion cu m (1 January 2016 es) country comparison to the world: 19 Carbon dioxide emissions from consumption of energy: 109 million Mt (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 38 Communications :: UZBEKISTAN Telephones - fixed lines: total subscriptions: 2,507,711 subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 9 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 53 Telephones - mobile cellular: total: 21.783 million subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 75 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 56 Telephone system: general assessment: digital exchanges in large cities and in rural areas domestic: the state-owned telecommunications company, Uzbektelecom, owner of the fixed-line telecommunications system, has used loans from the Japanese government and the China Development Bank to upgrade fixed-line services including conversion to digital exchange international: country code - 998; linked by fiber-optic cable or microwave radio relay with CIS member states and to other countries by leased connection via the Moscow international gateway switch; the country also has a link to the Trans-Asia-Europe (TAE) fiber-optic (2015) Broadcast media: government controls media; 14 state-owned broadcasters - 10 TV and 4 radio - provide service to virtually the entire country; about 20 privately owned TV stations, overseen by local officials, broadcast to local markets; privately owned TV stations are re Internet country code: .uz
Internet users: total: 12.498 million percent of population: 42.8% (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 41 Transportation :: UZBEKISTAN National air transport system: number of registered air carriers: 2 inventory of registered aircraft operated by air carriers: 29 annual passenger traffic on registered air carriers: 2,486,673 annual freight traffic on registered air carriers: 114,334,520 mt-km (2015) Civil aircraft registration country code prefix: UK (2016) Airports: 53 (2013) country comparison to the world: 89 Airports - with paved runways: total: 33 over 3,047 m: 6 2,438 to 3,047 m: 13 1,524 to 2,437 m: 6 914 to 1,523 m: 4 under 914 m: 4 (2013) Airports - with unpaved runways: total: 20 2,438 to 3,047 m: 2 under 914 m: 18 (2013) Pipelines: gas 10,401 km; oil 944 km (2013) Railways: total: 3,645 km broad gauge: 3,645 km 1.520-m gauge (620 km electrified) (2014) country comparison to the world: 48 Roadways: total: 86,496 km paved: 75,511 km unpaved: 10,985 km (2000) country comparison to the world: 54 Waterways: 1,100 km (2012) country comparison to the world: 62 Ports and terminals: river port(s): Termiz (Amu Darya) Military and Security :: UZBEKISTAN Military branches: Armed Forces: Army, Air and Air Defense Forces (2016) Military service age and obligation: 18 years of age for compulsory military service; 1-month or 1-year conscript service obligation for males; moving toward a professional military, but conscription in some form will continue; the military cannot accommodate everyone who wishes to enlist, and competition for entrance into the military is similar to the competition for admission to universities; note - widely considered to have one of the strongest militaries in Central Asia, although it is untested (2016) Transnational Issues :: UZBEKISTAN Disputes - international: prolonged drought and cotton monoculture in Uzbekistan and Turkmenistan created water-sharing difficulties for Amu Darya river states; field demarcation of the boundaries with Kazakhstan commenced in 2004; border delimitation of 130 km of border with Kyrgyzstan is hampered by serious disputes around enclaves and other areas Refugees and internally displaced persons: stateless persons: 86,703 (2015) Trafficking in persons: current situation: Uzbekistan is a source country for men, women, and children subjected to forced labor and women and children subjected to sex trafficking; government-compelled forced labor of adults remained endemic during the 2014 cotton harvest; despite a decree banning the use of persons under 18, children were mobilized to harvest cotton by local officials in some districts; in some regions, local officials forced teachers, students, private business employees, and others to work in construction, agriculture, and cleaning parks; Uzbekistani women and children are victims of sex trafficking domestically and in the Middle East, Eurasia, and Asia; Uzbekistani men and, to a lesser extent, women are subjected to forced labor in Kazakhstan, Russia, and Ukraine in the construction, oil, agriculture, retail, and food sectors tier rating: Tier 2 Watch List – Uzbekistan does not fully comply with the minimum standards for the elimination of trafficking; however, it is making significant efforts to do so; law enforcement efforts in 2014 were mixed; the government made efforts to combat sex and transnational labor trafficking, but government-compelled forced labor of adults in the cotton harvest went unaddressed, and the decree prohibiting forced child labor was not applied universally; official complicity in human trafficking in the cotton harvest remained prevalent; authorities made efforts to identify and protect sex and transnational labor victims, although a systematic process is still lacking; minimal efforts were made to assist victims of forced labor in the cotton harvest, as the government does not openly acknowledge the existence of this forced labor; the ILO did not have permission or funding to monitor the 2014 harvest, but the government authorized the UN's International Labour Organization to conduct a survey on recruitment practices and working conditions in agriculture, particularly the cotton sector, and to monitor the 2015-17 cotton harvests for child and forced labor in project areas (2015) Illicit drugs: transit country for Afghan narcotics bound for Russian and, to a lesser extent, Western European markets; limited illicit cultivation of cannabis and small amounts of opium poppy for domestic consumption; poppy cultivation almost wiped out by government crop eradication program; transit point for heroin precursor chemicals bound for Afghanistan About CIA Today's CIA Leadership CIA Vision, Mission, Ethos & Challenges Headquarters Tour CIA Museum History of the CIA Publications Review Board Accessibility FAQs NoFEAR Act Site Policies Careers & Internships Career Opportunities Student Opportunities Application Process Life at CIA Benefits Diversity Military Transition Tools and Challenges FAQs Video Center Offices of CIA Intelligence & Analysis Clandestine Service Science & Technology Support to Mission Digital Innovation Mission Centers Human Resources Public Affairs General Counsel Equal Employment Opportunity Congressional Affairs Inspector General Military Affairs News & Information Blog Press Releases & Statements Speeches & Testimony CIA & the War on Terrorism Featured Story Archive Your News Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Kids' Zone K-5th Grade 6-12th Grade Parents & Teachers Games Related Links Privacy Statement Connect with CIA CIA Twitter CIA Facebook CIA YouTube CIA Flickr PhotoStream RSS Contact Us * Required plugins Adobe® Flash Player Adobe® Reader® MS Word Viewer Footer Navigation Privacy Copyright Site Policies USA.gov FOIA DNI.gov NoFEAR Act Inspector General Contact CIA Site Map back to top
Destinations Silk Road Central Asia Kazakhstan Kyrgyzstan Tajikistan Turkmenistan Uzbekistan Caucasus Armenia Azerbaijan Georgia Russia China About Us Contact Us ENG РУС DEU FRA 日本語 ENG РУС DEU FRA 日本語 Search Toggle navigation Uzbekistan Private Tours Group Tours Hotels Trains Services Flights Visa Transfer Business Travel Transportation Home Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Travel The Present Illuminated with the Light of Centuries The history of each country and people dates back to the past for hundreds and thousands of years, intertwining in complex tangles with the fates of neighboring and distant countries and people.
And there, Uzbekistan, whose main tourist centers such as Samarkand, Bukhara and Khiva, entered to the UNESCO World Heritage List, has much to show to the world.
Besides, it gives us pleasure to say that people of Uzbekistan have enriched the heritage of humanity not only with the architectural monuments.
By a twist of fate, Uzbekistan, isolated by mountains and deserts from seas and oceans, was located at the very crossroads of world civilizations, world religions, cultural traditions and culinary preferences.
So the people of Uzbekistan are so much genetically gifted as merchants and traders: they absorbed the skills of the Greeks and the Jews, Moors and Chinese.
Uzbekistan absorbed much in all fields of industry.
All this is thousands of beads that make up a mosaic of the amazingly beautiful ancient and eternally young country - Uzbekistan, which while preserving its uniqueness, is updating its look, building roads and bridges, factories and houses, laying pipes and melting metal.
Top 10 Things to Do During Vacation in Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Travel Destinations Samarkand Samarkand is one of the oldest cities of Uzbekistan and of the world, in the middle of the first century BC it was known under the name of Marakanda and later known as Afrosiab.
More on Samarkand, Uzbekistan Bukhara The settlement of Bukhara in Uzbekistan dates back to the 8th century and for next 200 years used to be the center of an expanding Islamic kingdom and prospered as a trade and intellectual center for Central Asia.
More on Bukhara, Uzbekistan Khiva Khiva is known as a museum city under the open sky.
More on Khiva, Uzbekistan Tashkent Although Tashkent was probably first settled around the 1st century BC, written records date the city to its Arab occupation in the 8th century AD.
Today, Tashkent is the capital of Uzbekistan.
More on Tashkent, Uzbekistan Baysun Do you wish to travel into time that will transfer you to a forbidden territory that keeps the memory of culture of Greek and Baktrian and Kushan kingdoms that fell into oblivion of heathen ceremonies of fire-worshippers, and shaman cults?
More on Baysun, Uzbekistan Nukus and Muynak Nukus is located in the north of Uzbekistan near the Aral Sea, surrounded by three deserts - the Kara Kum, Kyzyl Kum desert and rocky - Ustyurt.
More on Margilan Ferghana and the Ferghana Valley The city of Fergana, in the south of the Ferghana Valley - is one of the youngest cities in Uzbekistan.
More on Ferghana and the Ferghana Valley Nurata Even some local residents of Uzbekistan do not know well about the ancient history of the town.
More on Namangan Kokand Kokand city, located in the western part of the Ferghana Valley, one of the ancient cities of Uzbekistan.
More on Termez   Uzbekistan Useful Links - CIA - The World Factbook - Facts about Uzbekistan - Uzbekistan - Information on Uzbekistan from the U.S. Department of State - Republic of Uzbekistan Gov.Uz - State Authority’s Portal of the Republic of Uzbekistan PUBLIC OFFER Advantour Uzbekistan 47a, Mirobod-1 str., 100015, Tashkent, Uzbekistan Tel: +998 71 150 3020, Fax: +998 71 150 3021 News: Uzbekistan Travel Jan 13, 2017 Archaeologists discovered a big city-fortress in the Ferghana Valley Jan 9, 2017 Uzbekistan postpones visa-free regime until 2021 Jan 4, 2017 Financial Times included Uzbekistan in the hottest destinations list Dec 8, 2016 Navruz and plov included in the UNESCO Heritage List Tourism news Archaeologists discovered a big city-fortress in the Ferghana Valley Jan 13, 2017 Uzbekistan postpones visa-free regime until 2021 Jan 9, 2017 Financial Times included Uzbekistan in the hottest destinations list Jan 4, 2017 Navruz and plov included in the UNESCO Heritage List Dec 8, 2016 Uzbekistan Sights Tashkent Samarkand Bukhara Khiva Andijan Aral Sea Beldersay Boysun Charvak Chimgan Fergana Jizzakh Karakalpakstan Karshi Kokand Kuva Margilan Muynak Namangan Navoi Nukus Nurata Rishtan Sarmish-say Shakhimardan Shakhrisabz Termez Urgench Ustyurt Plateau Yangiabad Uzbekistan Guide General Great Silk Road Map Pictures Geography Climate Weather History Uzbek People Culture Traditions Uzbek Food Uzbekistan Guide Holidays Museums and Galleries Religion Sufism Currency Telephone Codes Exhibitions & Events Festivals Myths and Legends Petroglyphs Golf Holiday Books Uzbekistan Travel Uzbekistan Tourism Travel Essentials Vacation in Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Embassy Uzbekistan Consulates Embassies in Uzbekistan Uzbekistan Airways Uzbekistan Flights Uzbekistan Railways Train Timetable Crossing Borders Uzbekistan Souvenirs FAQ Uzbekistan Services Private Tours Group Tours Hotels Trains Flights Visa Transfer Business Travel Transportation Copyright © 2001 — 2017 Advantour All rights reserved
