Kwacha zambiano De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Kwacha zambiano zambian kwacha en inglés Código ISO ZMW Ámbito   Zambia Fracción 100 ngwee Billetes 2, 5, 10, 20, 50 y 100 kwacha Monedas 5, 10 y 50 ngwee y 1 kwacha Emisor Banco de Zambia Inflación 21,8% (2015) [ 1 ] Tasa de cambio 29-09-2009 1 EUR = 6,48 ZMW 1 USD = 11.08 ZMW [ 2 ] Tipo de cambio actual [ editar datos en Wikidata ] El kwacha es, actualmente, la unidad monetaria de la Zambia .
Índice 1 Monedas 2 Billetes 3 Enlaces externos 4 Referencias Monedas [ editar ] Monedas vigentes desde el 1 de enero de 2013 Valor Parámetros técnicos Descripción Fecha Diámetro Espesor Composición Canto Anverso Reverso Vigente desde 5 ngwee 19 mm 1.55 mm Níquel depositado en Acero Liso Escudo de Zambia Vidua codringtoni 2012 1 de enero de 2013 10 ngwee 20 mm 1.57 mm Latón depositado en Acero Liso Escudo de Zambia Eland 2012 1 de enero de 2013 50 ngwee 21 mm 1.60 mm Latón depositado en Acero Estriado Escudo de Zambia Elefante 2012 1 de enero de 2013 1 kwacha 24 mm 1.73 mm Níquel depositado en Acero Estriado Escudo de Zambia Lybius chaplini 2012 1 de enero de 2013 Billetes [ editar ] Los billetes que circularon hasta 2012 poseían valores de 20, 50, 100, 500, 1000, 5000, 10000, 20000 y 50000 kwacha.
Commons Monedas de Zambia 2012 Referencias [ editar ] Reforma monetaria ↑ Inflación Zambia ↑ http://www.xe.com/es/currencyconverter/convert/?Amount=1&From=USD&To=ZMW Krause, Chester L. and Clifford Mishler (2008).
Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Kwacha_zambiano&oldid=95955655 » Categorías : Economía de Zambia Monedas circulantes de África Monedas de Zambia Categoría oculta: Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas አማርኛ العربية مصرى Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Esperanto Eesti فارسی Suomi Français Galego עברית हिन्दी Hrvatski Magyar Bahasa Indonesia Italiano 日本語 한국어 Lietuvių मराठी Nederlands Norsk bokmål Chi-Chewa Polski Português Русский Српски / srpski Svenska Тоҷикӣ Türkçe Українська Yorùbá 中文 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 1 ene 2017 a las 20:22.
Zambia From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search This article is about the African nation.
Coordinates : 15°S 30°E ﻿ / ﻿ 15°S 30°E ﻿ / -15; 30 Republic of Zambia Flag Coat of arms Motto:  "One Zambia, One Nation" Anthem:  National Anthem of Zambia Capital and largest city Lusaka 15°25′S 28°17′E ﻿ / ﻿ 15.417°S 28.283°E ﻿ / -15.417; 28.283 Official languages English Recognised regional languages > 0.5% 33.5% Bemba 14.8% Nyanja 11.4% Tonga 5.5% Lozi 4.5% Chewa 3.0% Nsenga 2.6% Tumbuka 1.9% Lunda 1.9% Kaonde 1.8% Lala 1.8% Lamba 1.7% English 1.5% Luvale 1.3% Mambwe 1.2% Lenje 1.2% Namwanga 1.0% Bisa 0.9% Ushi 0.7% Ila 0.7% Mbunda 0.7% Ngoni 0.7% Senga 0.6% Lungu 0.5% Toka-Leya 4.7% Others Ethnic groups (2010 [1] ) > 0.5% 21.0%
Bemba 13.6% Tonga 7.4% Chewa 5.7% Lozi 5.3% Nsenga 4.4% Tumbuka 4.0% Ngoni 3.1% Lala 2.9% Kaonde 2.8% Namwanga 2.6% Lunda (Northern) 2.5% Mambwe 2.2% Luvale 2.1% Lamba 1.9% Ushi 1.6% Bisa 1.6% Lenje 1.2% Mbunda 0.9% Lunda (Luapula) 0.9% Senga 0.8% Ila 0.8% Lungu 0.7% Tabwa 0.7% Soli 0.7% Kunda 0.6% Ngumbo 0.5% Chishinga 0.5% Chokwe 0.5% Nkoya 5.4% Other ethnics 0.8% Major racial 0.4% Unclassified Religion Christianity Demonym Zambian Government Unitary Presidential republic •  President Edgar Lungu •  Vice President Inonge Wina Legislature National Assembly Independence   from the United Kingdom •  North-Western Rhodesia 27 June 1890 •  Barotziland-North-Western Rhodesia 28 November 1899 •  North-Eastern Rhodesia 29 January 1900 •  Amalgamation of Northern Rhodesia 17 August 1911 •  Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland 1 August 1953 •  Republic of Zambia 24 October 1964 • Current constitution 5 January 2016 Area • Total 752,618 km 2 (290,587 sq mi) [2] ( 39th ) • Water (%) 1 Population • 2015 estimate 16,212,000 [3] ( 69th ) •  2010  census 13,092,666 [4] • Density 17.2/km 2 (44.5/sq mi) ( 191st ) GDP   ( PPP ) 2016 estimate • Total $65.174 billion [5] • Per capita $3,898 [5] GDP   (nominal) 2016 estimate • Total $20.574 billion [5] • Per capita $1,230 [5] Gini   (2010) 57.5 [6] high HDI   (2014)  0.586 [7] medium  ·  139th Currency Zambian kwacha ( ZMW ) Time zone CAT ( UTC +2) Drives on the left Calling code +260 ISO 3166 code ZM Internet TLD .zm
The Republic of Zambia ( / ˈ z æ m b i ə / ) is a landlocked country in Southern Africa , [8] neighbouring the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the north, Tanzania to the north-east, Malawi to the east, Mozambique , Zimbabwe , Botswana and Namibia to the south, and Angola to the west.
The capital city is Lusaka , in the south-central part of Zambia.
After visits by European explorers in the eighteenth century, Zambia became the British protectorate of Northern Rhodesia towards the end of the nineteenth century.
For most of the colonial period, Zambia was governed by an administration appointed from London with the advice of the British South Africa Company .
On 24 October 1964, Zambia became independent of the United Kingdom and prime minister Kenneth Kaunda became the inaugural president.
[9] From 1972 to 1991 Zambia was a one-party state with the UNIP as the sole legal political party under the motto "One Zambia, One Nation".
Levy Mwanawasa , Chiluba's chosen successor, presided over Zambia from January 2002 until his death in August 2008, and is credited with campaigns to reduce corruption and increase the standard of living.
Sata died on 28 October 2014, the second Zambian president to die in office.
In 2010, the World Bank named Zambia one of the world's fastest economically reformed countries.
Maternal and child health care 6 Economy 6.1 Mining 6.2 Agriculture 6.3 Tourism 6.4 Energy 6.5 Manufacturing 7 Culture 7.1 Media 7.2 Sports 8 Music and dance 9 See also 10 References 11 Further reading 12 External links Etymology [ edit ] Further information: Rhodesia (name) The territory of what is now Zambia was known as Northern Rhodesia from 1911.
It was renamed Zambia at independence in 1964.
The new name of Zambia was derived from the Zambezi river (Zambezi may mean "River of God").
[ citation needed ] History [ edit ] Main article: History of Zambia Pre-historic era [ edit ] Skull of Broken Hill Man discovered in present-day Kabwe .
The area of modern Zambia is known to have been inhabited by the Khoisan until around AD 300, when migrating Bantu began to settle around these areas.
The early history of tribes of modern-day Zambia can only be gleaned from knowledge passed down by successive generations through word of mouth.
Among them, the Tonga people (also called Ba-Tonga, "Ba-" meaning "men") were the first to settle in Zambia and are believed to have come from the east near the "big sea".
By the late 12th century, more advanced kingdoms and empires had been established in most regions of modern-day Zambia.
By the late 19th century, most of the various peoples of Zambia were established in their current areas.
Lacerda led an expedition from Mozambique to the Kazembe region in Zambia (with the goal of exploring and to crossing Southern Africa from coast to coast for the first time), [17] and died during the expedition in 1798.
Northern Rhodesia became the Republic of Zambia on 24 October 1964, with Kenneth Kaunda as the first president.
At independence, despite its considerable mineral wealth, Zambia faced major challenges.
Domestically, there were few trained and educated Zambians capable of running the government, and the economy was largely dependent on foreign expertise.
This expertise was provided in part by John Willson CMG [24] There were over 70,000 Europeans resident in Zambia in 1964, and they remained of disproportionate economic significance.
A railway (TAZARA – Tanzania Zambia Railways) to the Tanzanian port of Dar es Salaam , completed in 1975 with Chinese assistance, reduced Zambian dependence on railway lines south to South Africa and west through an increasingly troubled Portuguese Angola .
Until the completion of the railway, Zambia's major artery for imports and the critical export of copper was along the TanZam Road, running from Zambia to the port cities in Tanzania.
The Tazama oil pipeline was also built from Dar es Salaam to Ndola in Zambia.
The Benguela railway , which extended west through Angola, was essentially closed to Zambian traffic by the late 1970s.
Zambia's support for anti-apartheid movements such as the African National Congress (ANC) also created security problems as the South African Defence Force struck at dissident targets during external raids.
[29] Economic troubles [ edit ] In the mid-1970s, the price of copper, Zambia's principal export, suffered a severe decline worldwide.
In Zambia's situation, the cost of transporting the copper great distances to market was an additional strain.
Zambia turned to foreign and international lenders for relief, but, as copper prices remained depressed, it became increasingly difficult to service its growing debt.
By the mid-1990s, despite limited debt relief, Zambia's per capita foreign debt remained among the highest in the world.
All this led to Zambia being courted enthusiastically by aid donors, and saw a surge in investor confidence in the country.
Politics [ edit ] Main article: Politics of Zambia Zambia National Assembly building in Lusaka Politics in Zambia take place in a framework of a presidential representative democratic republic, whereby the President of Zambia is both head of state and head of government in a pluriform multi-party system .
Zambia became a republic immediately upon attaining independence in October 1964.
From 2011 to 2014, Zambia's president had been Michael Sata, until Sata died on 28 October 2014.
[30] After Sata's death, Vice President Guy Scott , a Zambian of Scottish descent, became acting President of Zambia.
Foreign relations [ edit ] Further information: Foreign relations of Zambia After independence in 1964 the foreign relations of Zambia were mostly focused on supporting liberation movements in other countries in Southern Africa , such as the African National Congress and SWAPO .
During the Cold War Zambia was a member of the Non-Aligned Movement .
Military [ edit ] Main article: Zambian Defence Force The Zambian Defence Force (ZDF) consists of the Zambia Army (ZA), the Zambia Air Force (ZAF), and the Zambian National Service (ZNS).
Administrative divisions [ edit ] Further information: Provinces of Zambia Zambia is divided into ten regions , which are further divided into 103 districts , 156 constituencies and 1,281 wards.
Provinces Central Copperbelt Eastern Luapula Lusaka Muchinga North-Western Northern Southern Western Geography [ edit ] Main article: Geography of Zambia Topographical map of Zambia Zambia map of Köppen climate classification.
Zambia is a landlocked country in southern Africa, with a tropical climate , and consists mostly of high plateaus with some hills and mountains, dissected by river valleys.
Zambia is drained by two major river basins: the Zambezi /Kafue basin in the centre, west and south covering about three-quarters of the country; and the Congo basin in the north covering about one-quarter of the country.
In the Zambezi basin, there are a number of major rivers flowing wholly or partially through Zambia: the Kabompo , Lungwebungu , Kafue , Luangwa , and the Zambezi itself, which flows through the country in the west and then forms its southern border with Namibia , Botswana and Zimbabwe .
Its source is in Zambia but it diverts into Angola, and a number of its tributaries rise in Angola's central highlands.
The edge of the Cuando River floodplain (not its main channel) forms Zambia's southwestern border, and via the Chobe River that river contributes very little water to the Zambezi because most is lost by evaporation.
[32] Two of the Zambezi's longest and largest tributaries, the Kafue and the Luangwa, flow mainly in Zambia.
Before its confluence, the Luangwa River forms part of Zambia's border with Mozambique .
From Luangwa town, the Zambezi leaves Zambia and flows into Mozambique, and eventually into the Mozambique Channel .
The north of Zambia is very flat with broad plains.
In Eastern Zambia the plateau which extends between the Zambezi and Lake Tanganyika valleys is tilted upwards to the north, and so rises imperceptibly from about 900 m (2,953 ft) in the south to 1,200 m (3,937 ft) in the centre, reaching 1,800 m (5,906 ft) in the north near Mbala.
These plateau areas of northern Zambia have been categorised by the World Wildlife Fund as a large section of the Central Zambezian Miombo woodlands ecoregion .
Eastern Zambia shows great diversity.
Hills and mountains are found by the side of some sections of the valley, notably in its north-east the Nyika Plateau (2,200 m or 7,218 ft) on the Malawi border, which extend into Zambia as the Mafinga Hills , containing the country's highest point, Mafinga Central (2,339 m or 7,674 ft).
Their culminating peak Mumpu is at the western end and at 1,892 m (6,207 ft) is the highest point in Zambia away from the eastern border region.
The southernmost headstream of the Congo River rises in Zambia and flows west through its northern area firstly as the Chambeshi and then, after the Bangweulu Swamps as the Luapula , which forms part of the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo .
Its south-eastern end receives water from the Kalambo River , which forms part of Zambia's border with Tanzania.
Climate [ edit ] Main article: Climate of Zambia Zambia is located on the plateau of Central Africa , between 1000–1600 m above sea level.
The climate of Zambia is tropical, modified by elevation.
Biodiversity [ edit ] Rhodesian giraffe in South Luangwa National Park African fish eagle , the national bird of Zambia Zambian barbet , Zambia's only true endemic bird species There are 14 ecosystems in Zambia, classed into Forest, Thicket, Woodland and Grassland vegetation types.
Zambia is endowed with approximately 12,505 species—63% animal species, 33% plant species and 4% bacterial and microorganism species .
The Rhodesian giraffe and Kafue Lechwe are some of the well-known species that are endemic to Zambia.
The Zambian barbet is a well-known species endemic to Zambia.
Roughly 490 known fish species, belonging to 24 fish families have been reported in Zambia, with Lake Tanganyika having the highest diverse and endemic species.
Demographics [ edit ] Main article: Demographics of Zambia Historical population Year Pop.
Source: Central Statistical Office, Zambia As per 2010 Zambian census , Zambia's population was 13,092,666.
Zambia is significantly ethnically diverse, with a total of 73 ethnic tribes.
Zambia is one of the most highly urbanised countries in sub-Saharan Africa with 44% of the population concentrated in a few urban areas along the major transport corridors, while rural areas are sparsely populated.
[35] Largest towns [ edit ] Further information: List of cities and towns in Zambia   v t e Largest cities or towns in Zambia http://www.zamstats.gov.zm/nada/index.php/catalog/63
Lusaka Kitwe 1 Lusaka Lusaka 1 747 152 11 Choma Southern 247 860 Chipata Ndola 2 Kitwe Copperbelt 517 543 12 Katete Eastern 243 849 3 Chipata Eastern 455 783 13 Kasama Northern 231 824 4 Ndola Copperbelt 451 246 14 Mazabuka Southern 230 972 5 Lundazi Eastern 323 870 15 Mansa Luapula 228 392 6 Petauke Eastern 307 889 16 Kafue Central 227 466 7 Chibombo Central 303 519 17 Mumbwa Southern 226 171 8 Kalomo Southern 258 570 18 Chingola Copperbelt 216 626 9 Solwezi North Western 254 470 19 Mpika Northern 203 379 10 Kapiri Mposhi Central 253 786 20 Mbala Southern 203 129 Ethnic groups [ edit ] A tribal and linguistic map of Zambia.
Almost 90% of Zambians belong to the nine main ethnolinguistic groups: the Nyanja-Chewa , Bemba , Tonga , Tumbuka , Lunda , Luvale , Kaonde , Nkoya and Lozi .
Expatriates, mostly British or South African, as well as some white Zambian citizens, live mainly in Lusaka and in the Copperbelt in northern Zambia, where they are either employed in mines, financial and related activities or retired.
There were 70,000 Europeans in Zambia in 1964, but many have since left the country.
[25] Zambia has a small but economically important Asian population, most of whom are Indians and Chinese .
There are 13,000 Indians in Zambia.
An estimated 80,000 Chinese are resident in Zambia.
[36] In recent years, several hundred dispossessed white farmers have left Zimbabwe at the invitation of the Zambian government, to take up farming in the Southern province.
[37] [38] According to the World Refugee Survey 2009 published by the US Committee for Refugees and Immigrants , Zambia had a population of refugees and asylum seekers numbering approximately 88,900.
The majority of refugees in the country came from the Democratic Republic of Congo (47,300 refugees from the DRC living in Zambia in 2007), Angola (27,100; see Angolans in Zambia ), Zimbabwe (5,400) and Rwanda (4,900).
[39] Beginning in May 2008, the number of Zimbabweans in Zambia also began to increase significantly; the influx consisted largely of Zimbabweans formerly living in South Africa who were fleeing xenophobic violence there .
[40] Nearly 60,000 refugees live in camps in Zambia, while 50,000 are mixed in with the local populations.
Refugees who wish to work in Zambia must apply for official permits which can cost up to $500 per year.
[39] Religion [ edit ] Further information: Religion in Zambia Religious affiliation in Zambia [41] Religion Percent Protestant    75.3%
Muslim    0.5% Distribution of population by religious affiliation Zambia is officially a Christian nation according to the 1996 constitution, [42] but a wide variety of religious traditions exist.
[43] Zambia has one of the largest percentage of Seventh-day Adventist per capita in the world, accounting for about 1 in 18 Zambians.
[44] The Lutheran Church of Central Africa has over 11,000 members in Zambia.
[45] One in 11 Zambians is member of the New Apostolic Church.
[ citation needed ] With membership above 1,200,000 the Zambia district of the church is the third largest after Congo East and East Africa (Nairobi).
[ citation needed ] The Baha'i population of Zambia is over 160,000, [46] or 1.5% of the population.
Languages [ edit ] Main article: Languages of Zambia Density map of dominant regional languages [49]     Bemba     Chewa     Lozi     Lunda     Nyanja     Tonga                           Widely spoken languages [50]    Bemba - 33.5 %    Nyanja - 14.8 %    Tonga - 11.4 %    Lozi - 5.5 %    Chewa - 4.5 %    other - 30.3 % The official language of Zambia is English , which is used to conduct official business and is the medium of instruction in schools.
Bemba and Nyanja are spoken in the urban areas in addition to other indigenous languages which are commonly spoken in Zambia.
These include Lozi, Kaonde, Tonga, Lunda and Luvale, which feature on the Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation (ZNBC)'s local languages section.
The total number of languages spoken in Zambia is 73.
Most will thus speak Bemba and Nyanja in the Copperbelt; Nyanja is dominantly spoken in Lusaka and Eastern Zambia.
This continuous evolution of languages has led to Zambian slang which can be heard in daily life throughout Lusaka and other major cities.
A German course has been introduced at the University of Zambia (UNZA).
Education [ edit ] Main article: Education in Zambia Education expenditure [52] Year Percent 2012    17.5% 2013    17.5% 2014    20.2%
Annual education expenditure Pupils at the prestigious St Monicas Girls Secondary School in Chipata , Eastern Province The right to equal and adequate education for all is enshrined within the Zambian constitution.
Fundamentally, the aim of education in Zambia is to promote full and well-rounded development of the physical, intellectual, social, affective, moral and spiritual qualities of all learners.
Health [ edit ] Further information: Health in Zambia The Ministry of Health (MOH) provides information pertaining to Zambian health.
[55] The 2014 CIA estimated average life expectancy in Zambia was 51.83 years.
[56] HIV/AIDS epidemic [ edit ] See also: HIV/AIDS in Zambia Zambia faces a generalised HIV epidemic, with an estimated prevalence rate of 13.3% among adults (ages 15–49) in 2013–2014.
[57] HIV incidence in Zambia has declined by more than 25% from 2001 to 2010, an indication that the epidemic appears to be declining.
[58] Hospitals [ edit ] In Zambia, there are hospitals throughout the country which include: Levy Mwanawasa General Hospital, [59] Chipata General Hospital, Kitwe Central Hospital, Konkola Mine Hospital, Lubwe Mission Hospital, Maacha Hospital, Mtendere Mission Hospital, Mukinge Mission Hospital, Mwandi Mission Hospital, Nchanga North Hospital, Chikankata Salvation Army Hospital, Kalene Mission Hospital, St Francis Hospital , and St Luke's Mission Hospital .
There are very few hospitals in rural or remote places in Zambia, where most communities rely on small government-run community health centres and rural health posts.
Maternal and child health care [ edit ] The 2010 maternal mortality rate per 100,000 births for Zambia is 470.
[61] In Zambia the number of midwives per 1,000 live births is 5 and the lifetime risk of death for pregnant women is 1 in 38.
According to the 2009 Zambia Sexual Behaviour Survey , 0.7% of women have undergone FGM.
[63] Economy [ edit ] Further information: Economy of Zambia Budget expenditure in 2016 [64] Sector Percent General Public Services    36.1% Defence    5.9%
Social Protection    2.4% 2016 annual budget expenditure Zambia Export Treemap (2014) GDP per capita (current), compared to neighbouring countries (world average = 100) Presently, Zambia averages between $7 billion and $8 billion of exports annually.
[65] About 68% of Zambians live below the recognised national poverty line, [66] with rural poverty rates standing at about 78% [67] and urban rates at about 53%.
Most rural Zambians are subsistence farmers .
Zambia ranked 117th out of 128 countries on the 2007 Global Competitiveness Index , which looks at factors that affect economic growth.
Zambia fell into poverty after international copper prices declined in the 1970s.
In 2007 Zambia recorded its ninth consecutive year of economic growth.
[71] Zambia is still dealing with economic reform issues such as the size of the public sector , and improving Zambia's social sector delivery systems.
[72] Zambia's total foreign debt exceeded $6 billion when the country qualified for Highly Indebted Poor Country Initiative (HIPC) debt relief in 2000, contingent upon meeting certain performance criteria .
Initially, Zambia hoped to reach the HIPC completion point, and benefit from substantial debt forgiveness, in late 2003.
In January 2003, the Zambian government informed the International Monetary Fund and World Bank that it wished to renegotiate some of the agreed performance criteria calling for privatisation of the Zambia National Commercial Bank and the national telephone and electricity utilities.
Although agreements were reached on these issues, subsequent overspending on civil service wages delayed Zambia's final HIPC debt forgiveness from late 2003 to early 2005, at the earliest.
[73] The Zambian government is pursuing an economic diversification program to reduce the economy's reliance on the copper industry.
This initiative seeks to exploit other components of Zambia's rich resource base by promoting agriculture, tourism, gemstone mining, and hydro-power.
The Zambian economy has historically been based on the copper mining industry.
The Zambian government has recently been granting licenses to international resource companies to prospect for minerals such as nickel, tin, copper and uranium.
In 2009, Zambia has been badly hit by the world economic crisis .
[75] Agriculture [ edit ] Agriculture plays a very important part in Zambia's economy providing many more jobs than the mining industry.
Private local company Zambeef Products Ltd. is the leading agri-business in Zambia with over 4.000 employees, producing row crops (5.000 ha irrigated, 1.500 ha non-irrigated), cattle (Zambeef), pork (Master Pork), chicken (ZamChick), eggs (ZamChick Egg), dairy products, leather, fish, feedstock (Novatek) and edible oil (Zamanita).
Zambia Sugar is also one of the worlds largest producers of sugar cane in the world with its Nakambala plant in Mazabuka exporting all over the world.
[76] A small number of white Zimbabwean farmers were welcomed into Zambia after their expulsion by Robert Mugabe, whose numbers had reached roughly 150 to 300 people as of 2004 [update] .
The skills they brought, combined with general economic liberalisation under the late Zambian president Levy Mwanawasa , has been credited with stimulating an agricultural boom in Zambia.
In 2004, for the first time in 26 years, Zambia exported more corn than it imported.
[38] Tourism [ edit ] Further information: Tourism in Zambia Victoria Falls (Mosi-oa-Tunya Falls) a UNESCO World Heritage Site The Kuomboka ceremony of the Lozi people Zambia has some of nature's best wildlife and game reserves affording the country with abundant tourism potential.
Energy [ edit ] See also: List of power stations in Zambia In 2009, Zambia generated 10.3 Twh and has been rated high in use of both Solar power and Hydroelectricity .
[79] However, as of early 2015 Zambia began experiencing a serious energy shortage due to the poor 2014/2015 rain season which resulted in low water levels at the Kariba dam and other major dams.
(January 2017) Culture [ edit ] See also: African art § Zambia Nshima (top right corner) with three types of relish .
Prior to the establishment of modern Zambia, the natives lived in independent tribes, each with their own ways of life.
In the urban setting there is a continuous integration and evolution of these cultures to produce what is now called "Zambian culture".
Traditional culture is very visible through colourful annual Zambian traditional ceremonies .
Most Zambian traditional music is based on drums (and other percussion instruments) with a lot of singing and dancing.
Media [ edit ] Main articles: Media in Zambia and Telecommunications in Zambia The Ministry of Information, Broadcasting Services and Tourism In Zambia is responsible for the Zambian News Agency , while there are also numerous media outlets throughout the country which include; television stations , newspapers , FM radio stations , and Internet news websites .
Sports [ edit ] See also: Rugby union in Zambia and Zambia Cricket Union Zambia declared its independence on the day of the closing ceremony of the 1964 Summer Olympics , thereby becoming the first country ever to have entered an Olympic games as one country, and left it as another.
Zambia took part in the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.
Football is the most popular sport in Zambia, and the Zambia national football team has had its triumphant moments in football history.
Kalusha Bwalya , Zambia's most celebrated football player and one of Africa's greatest football players in history had a hat trick in that match.
However, to this day, many pundits say the greatest team Zambia has ever assembled was the one that perished on 28 April 1993 in a plane crash at Libreville, Gabon .
Despite this, in 1996, Zambia was ranked 15th on the official FIFA World Football Team rankings, the highest attained by any southern African team.
In 2012, Zambia won the African Cup of Nations for the first time after losing in the final twice.
[81] Rugby Union , boxing and cricket are also popular sports in Zambia.
Zambia boasts having the highest rugby poles in the world, located at Luanshya Sports Complex in Luanshya .
[ citation needed ] Rugby union in Zambia is a minor but growing sport.
[82] Zambia used to play cricket as part of Rhodesia .
Zambia has also strangely provided a shinty international, Zambian-born Eddie Tembo representing Scotland in the compromise rules Shinty/Hurling game against Ireland in 2008.
[83] In 2011, Zambia was due to host the tenth All-Africa Games , for which three stadiums were to be built in Lusaka , Ndola , and Livingstone .
Zambia has since revoked its bid to host the 2011 All-Africa Games, citing a lack of funds.
Hence, Mozambique took Zambia's place as host.
Zambia also produced the first black African ( Madalitso Muthiya ) to play in the United States Golf Open , [85] one of the four major golf tournaments.
[86] In 2017, Zambia will host the Pan-African football tournament U-20 African Cup of Nation for players age 20 and under.
[87] Music and dance [ edit ] Zambia's culture has been an integral part of their development post independence such as the uprising of cultural villages and private museums.
The music which inroduced dance is part of their cultural expression and it embodies the beauty and spectacle of life in Zambia, from the intricacies of the talking drums to the Kamangu drum used to announce the beginning of Malaila traditional ceremony.
[88] See also [ edit ] Zambia portal Book: Zambia Index of Zambia-related articles List of countries by copper mine production Outline of Zambia References [ edit ] ^ Census of Population and Housing National Analytical Report 2010 .
Central Statistical office, Zambia ^ United Nations Statistics Division.
^ United Nations World Population Prospects (PDF) 2015 Revision ^ Central Statistical Office, Government of Zambia.
^ a b c d "Zambia" .
^ Zambian President Michael Sata dies in London – BBC News .
^ Guy Scott takes interim role after Zambian president Sata’s death | World news .
"World Bank President Praises Reforms In Zambia, Underscores Need For Continued Improvements In Policy And Governance" .
Cultures of the World: Zambia .
^ The elites of Barotseland, 1878–1969: a political history of Zambia's Western Province : a. Gerald L. Caplan, C. Hurst & Co Publishers Ltd, 1970, ISBN 0900966386 ^ Bantu-Languages.com
"Portuguese Expedition to Northern Rhodesia, 1798–99 – Great North Road (GNR, Northern Rhodesia, Zambia)" .
"Destination:Zambia – History and Culture" .
"Zambia: Historical Background" .
chu.cam.ac.uk ^ a b 1964: President Kaunda takes power in Zambia .
12 : 1.   ^ Zambian President Michael Sata dies in London .
BBC. 29 October 2014 ^ Defence Minister Lungu wins Zambia's disputed presidential race .
^ "Mafinga South and Mafinga Central: the highest peaks in Zambia" .
^ Spectrum Guide to Zambia .
^ "Welcome to the Official site of Zambian Statistics" .
^ Zambians wary of "exploitative" Chinese employers .
^ "Zim's Loss, Zam's gain: White Zimbabweans making good in Zambia" .
"Settling in Zambia: Zimbabwe's Displaced Farmers Find a New Home" .
^ "Zambia: Rising levels of resentment towards Zimbabweans" .
Central Statistical office, Zambia ^ "Constitution of Zambia, 1991(Amended to 1996)" .
Pentecostalism in Zambia: Power, Authority and the Overcomers .
^ "Zambia Union Conference – Adventist Organizational Directory" .
^ "Lutheran Church of Central Africa - Zambia" .
^ International Religious Freedom Report 2010 – Zambia .
^ Some basics of religious education in Zambia .
Central Statistical office, Zambia ^ Census of Population and Housing National Analytical Report 2010 .
Central Statistical office, Zambia ^ Zambia to introduce Portuguese into school curriculum .
Republic of Zambia Ministry of Finance .
Republic of Zambia Ministry of Finance.
^ "Laws of Zambia" .
National Assembly of Zambia .
National Assembly of Zambia.
National Assembly of Zambia .
National Assembly of Zambia.
^ ZAMBIA COUNTRY REPORT: Monitoring the Declaration of Commitment on HIV and AIDS and the Universal Access .
"Chinese hospital heals sore spot in Zambia | Global development" .
^ Tycoon powers hospital in a remote area of north-west Zambia .
ukzambians.co.uk.
United Nations Population Fund.   ^ Zambia Sexual Behaviour Survey 2009 .
^ Zambia.
Republic of Zambia Ministry of Finance .
Republic of Zambia Ministry of Finance.
^ Zambia's Minister of Commerce, Trade, & Industry Robert K Sichinga on the country's economic performance .
CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list ( link ) ^ "Zambia Country Brochure" (PDF) .
ISBN 978-0-230-54704-9 ^ a b "Background Note: Zambia" .
^ "Business Corruption in Zambia" .
^ The World Bank and IMF’s long shadow in Zambia’s copper mines .
"Albidon signs agreement with Zambian government" .
^ Chinese keep low profile to cash in on the slump in Zambia .
^ Zambia .
illovosugar.co.za ^ "Zim's Loss, Zam's gain: White Zimbabweans making good in Zambia" , The Economist , June 2004 , retrieved 28 August 2009   [ dead link ] ^ LaFraniere, Shannon (21 March 2004), "Zimbabwe's White Farmers Start Anew in Zambia" , The New York Times , retrieved 28 August 2009   ^ Zambia.
International Renewable Energy Agency ^ in Lusaka Times ^ "Zambia score emotional African Cup win" .
^ Zambia .
15 May 2009 ^ "Zambia to build three stadia for 2011 All-Africa Games" .
^ "Zambia's Madalitso Muthiya a pioneer" .
^ "Zambia outsmart South Africa to win record Cosafa U20 crown" .
^ "The Unrivaled Zambian Culture" .
Further reading [ edit ] Burke, Mark, Glimmers of Hope : A Memoir of Zambia , (lulu.com,
Expectations of Modernity: Myths and Meanings of Urban Life in the Zambian Copperbelt .
Ihonvbere, Julius, Economic Crisis, Civil Society and Democratisation: The Case of Zambia , (Africa Research & Publications, 1996) LaMonica, Christopher, Local Government Matters: The Case of Zambia , (Lambert Academic Publishing, 2010) Mcintyre, Charles, Zambia (Bradt Travel Guides) , (Bradt Travel Guides, 2008) Murphy, Alan and Luckham, Nana, Zambia and Malawi (Lonely Planet Multi Country Guide) , (Lonely Planet Publications, 2010) Phiri, Bizeck Jube, A Political History of Zambia: From the Colonial Period to the 3rd Republic , (Africa Research & Publications, 2005) Roberts, Andrew, A History of Zambia , (Heinemann, 1976) Sardanis, Andrew, Africa: Another Side of the Coin: Northern Rhodesia's Final Years and Zambia's Nationhood , (I.B.Tauris, 2003) Various, One Zambia, Many Histories: Towards a History of Post-colonial Zambia , (Brill, 2008) Wotela, Kambidima (2010).
"Deriving Ethno-geographical Clusters for Comparing Ethnic Differentials in Zambia" .
First early human fossil found in Africa makes debut DeRoche, Andy Kenneth Kaunda, the United States and Southern Africa (London: Bloomsbury, 2016) External links [ edit ] Find more about Zambia at Wikipedia's sister projects Definitions from Wiktionary Media from Commons News from Wikinews Quotations from Wikiquote Texts from Wikisource Textbooks from Wikibooks Travel guide from Wikivoyage Learning resources from Wikiversity Official website "Zambia" .
Zambia Corruption Profile from the Business Anti-Corruption Portal Zambia at DMOZ Zambia profile from the BBC News Wikimedia Atlas of Zambia Key Development Forecasts for Zambia from International Futures World Bank Summary Trade Statistics Zambia v t e Zambia   articles History History of Zambia Company rule (Rhodesia) Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland Monuments and historic sites Northern Rhodesia Geography Cities and towns Climate Districts Ecoregions National parks Provinces Wildlife Politics Defence Force Elections parliamentary constituencies Foreign relations Judiciary LGBT history National Assembly Political parties Presidents Prime Minister Vice Presidents Economy Central bank Companies Kwacha (currency) Stock Exchange Telecommunications Transport airports Society Anthem Coat of arms Culture Demographics Education Films Flag Languages List of Zambians Music Religion Outline Index Book Category Portal v t e Countries and territories of Africa Sovereign states entirely in Africa Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic of the Congo Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon The Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) Kenya Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe partly in Africa France Mayotte Réunion Italy Pantelleria Pelagie Islands Portugal Madeira Spain Canary Islands Ceuta Melilla Plazas de soberanía Yemen Socotra Territories and dependencies Îles Éparses France Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha UK Southern Provinces (Western Sahara) 1 States with limited recognition Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic Somaliland 1 Unclear sovereignty .
International membership v t e African Union (AU) History Pan-Africanism Casablanca Group Monrovia Group Abuja Treaty Sirte Declaration Lome Summit Organisation of African Unity Chairperson Secretary General Geography Borders Extreme points Member states Regions Organs Executive Council Permanent Representatives' Committee Specialized Technical Committees Assembly Chairperson Commission Chairperson Deputy Chairperson AUCC Pan-African Parliament Bureau Secretariat Gallagher Estate African Court of Justice African Court on Human and Peoples' Rights ECOSOCC Committees Peace and Security Political Affairs Infrastructure and Energy Social Affairs and Health HR, Sciences and Technology Trade and Industry Rural Economy and Agriculture Economic Affairs Women and Gender Cross-Cutting Programs Financial Institutions African Central Bank African Monetary Fund African Investment Bank Peace and Security Council ACIRC African Standby Force Panel of the Wise UNAMID AMIB AMIS AMISOM MISCA Politics APRM Foreign relations African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights Enlargement Symbols Anthem Emblem Flag Economy Currencies Development Bank African Economic Community NEPAD African Free Trade Zone Tripartite Free Trade Area Culture Africa Day Languages Theory Afro United States of Africa United States of Latin Africa Category v t e Southern African Development Community (SADC) Member states Angola Botswana Democratic Republic of the Congo Lesotho Madagascar Malawi Mauritius Mozambique Namibia Seychelles South Africa Swaziland Tanzania Zambia Zimbabwe Leaders Chairpersons Levy Mwanawasa Kgalema Motlanthe Secretaries-General Kaire Mbuende Prega Ramsamy Tomaz Salomão See also Southern African Development Coordination Conference (forerunner) Southern African Customs Union (SACU) Common Monetary Area (CMA) Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (COMESA) v t e Members of the Commonwealth of Nations Sovereign states (Members) Antigua and Barbuda Australia Bahamas Bangladesh Barbados Belize Botswana Brunei Cameroon Canada Cyprus Dominica Fiji Ghana Grenada Guyana India Jamaica Kenya Kiribati Lesotho Malawi Malaysia Malta Mauritius Mozambique Namibia Nauru New Zealand Nigeria Pakistan Papua New Guinea Rwanda St. Kitts and Nevis St. Lucia St. Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Solomon Islands South Africa Sri Lanka Swaziland Tanzania Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tuvalu Uganda United Kingdom Vanuatu Zambia Dependencies of Members Australia Ashmore and Cartier Islands Australian Antarctic Territory Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Coral Sea Islands Heard Island and McDonald Islands Norfolk Island New Zealand Cook Islands Niue Ross Dependency Tokelau United Kingdom Akrotiri and Dhekelia Anguilla Bermuda British Antarctic Territory British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Cayman Islands Falkland Islands Gibraltar Guernsey Isle of Man Jersey Montserrat Pitcairn Islands St. Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Turks and Caicos Islands Source: Commonwealth Secretariat - Member States Authority control WorldCat Identities VIAF : 132112033 GND : 4076986-0 SUDOC : 026612364 BNF : cb11882648g (data) NDL : 00574573 Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Zambia&oldid=762599196 " Categories : Zambia Bantu countries and territories Southeast African countries Commonwealth republics English-speaking countries and territories Landlocked countries Least developed countries Liberal democracies Member states of the African Union Member states of the Commonwealth of Nations Member states of the United Nations States and territories established in 1964 1964 establishments in Zambia Hidden categories: Webarchive template wayback links CS1 maint: Multiple names: authors list All articles with dead external links Articles with dead external links from October 2010 Pages using ISBN magic links Wikipedia indefinitely move-protected pages Use British English from April 2013 Use dmy dates from January 2017 Coordinates on Wikidata All articles with unsourced statements Articles with unsourced statements from July 2011 Articles with unsourced statements from August 2016 All articles lacking reliable references Articles lacking reliable references from October 2014 Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2007 All articles containing potentially dated statements Articles with unsourced statements from April 2015 Pages using columns with the default column width Articles containing potentially dated statements from 2004 Articles to be expanded from January 2017 All articles to be expanded Articles with empty sections from January 2017 All articles with empty sections Articles using small message boxes Articles with unsourced statements from August 2009 Official website different in Wikidata and Wikipedia Articles with DMOZ links Wikipedia articles with VIAF identifiers Wikipedia articles with GND identifiers Wikipedia articles with BNF identifiers Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Wikinews Wikivoyage Languages Acèh Afrikaans Alemannisch አማርኛ العربية Aragonés Arpetan Asturianu Azərbaycanca Bamanankan বাংলা Bahasa Banjar Bân-lâm-gú Башҡортса Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ भोजपुरी Bikol Central Български བོད་ཡིག Bosanski Brezhoneg Буряад Català Чӑвашла Cebuano Čeština Chi-Chewa ChiShona ChiTumbuka Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch ދިވެހިބަސް Dolnoserbski Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto Estremeñu Euskara Eʋegbe فارسی Fiji Hindi Føroyskt Français Frysk Gaeilge Gaelg Gagauz Gàidhlig Galego Gĩkũyũ 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî Хальмг 한국어 Հայերեն हिन्दी Hornjoserbsce Hrvatski Ido Igbo Ilokano বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Bahasa Indonesia Interlingua Interlingue Ирон IsiZulu Íslenska Italiano עברית Basa Jawa ಕನ್ನಡ Kapampangan ქართული Қазақша Kernowek Kinyarwanda Kiswahili Kongo Kreyòl ayisyen Kurdî Кыргызча Кырык мары Ladino Лезги Latgaļu Latina Latviešu Lëtzebuergesch Lietuvių Ligure Limburgs Lingála Livvinkarjala La .lojban.
Zambia Customs and Culture - Diet and Recipes - Language - Fashion - Family - Socializing - Religion - Sports and Recreation Photo Gallery Maps Geography Demographics Government Economy National Symbols Interesting Facts Current Events - News Video History Events and Holidays Web Sites Sources   Home Activities United States Edition Travel Edition Spanish Edition French Edition German Edition Sample Country Glossary CountryReports Search Countries Activities Sign In Zambia Facts and Culture Family: Zambians consider their children an investment in the future.
More Visiting: In Zambia, handshaking is common practice, and you should always use a person's professional name if known.
More Zambia Facts Zambia stats Capital Lusaka Government Type republic Currency ZMK Population 15,066,266 Total Area 290,586 Square Miles 752,618 Square Kilometers Location Southern Africa, east of Angola, south of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Language English (official), - Bemba, Kaonda, Lozi, Lunda, Luvale, Nyanja, Tonga, and about 70 other indigenous languages.
Map of Zambia Zambia Currency Converter Currency Converter Tweet World Regions Africa Asia Central America Europe Middle East North America Oceania South America The Caribbean Most Popular United States of America China France Italy Canada Spain India Brazil Mexico All Countries Afghanistan Akrotiri Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d’Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia Gabon Gambia, The Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Holy See Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Sudan, South Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara World Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Company About Us Internet Citation FAQ Terms of Use Contact Us Feedback Resources Join Renew Membership Manage Membership Teacher Resources Get Your Widget Product Pricing Follow Us Blog Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Testimonials Other Products United States Edition Spanish Edition French Edition German Edition Travel Edition Sample Country © CountryReports™ 1997 - 2017 - All Rights Reserved.
ORGANIZACIÓN MUNDIAL DEL COMERCIO Portada   |  Acerca de la OMC   |  Noticias y eventos   |  Temas comerciales   |  Miembros de la OMC   |  Documentos y recursos   |  Relaciones exteriores Para contactarnos   |  Mapa del sitio   |  A-Z   |  Búsqueda english     français portada la omc miembros zambia INFORMACIÓN POR MIEMBRO Zambia y la OMC Esta página contiene información sobre la participación de Zambia en la OMC.
Zambia es Miembro de la OMC desde el 1°de enero de 1995 y miembro del GATT desde el 10 de febrero de 1982.
Listas relativas a las mercancías correspondientes a Zambia (archivo zip, 44KB) .
Contiene los documentos oficiales originales de Zambia.
volver al principio Exámenes de las Políticas Comerciales de Zambia Ver Exámenes de las políticas comerciales para obtener explicaciones y antecedentes.
Documentos de los Exámenes de las Políticas Comerciales de Zambia           > buscar     > ayuda      volver al principio Diferencias en que participa o ha participado Zambia En el cuadro que aparece abajo coloque el ratón sobre el número de una diferencia para ver su título.
volver al principio Notificaciones de Zambia Búsqueda en Documentos en línea Estos enlaces abren una nueva ventana: espere un momento hasta que aparezca la lista de resultados.
Acuerdos comerciales regionales (Signatura del documento: WT/REG* and N)      > buscar ADPIC: Las notificaciones se pueden consultar por artículo en el conjunto de instrumentos de transparencia de los Miembros Agricultura (Signatura del documento: G/AG/N/ZMB/*)      > buscar Antidumping (Signatura del documento: G/ADP/N/* and ZMB)      > buscar Balanza de pagos (Signatura del documento: WT/BOP/N/*)      > buscar Comercio y desarrollo (Signatura del documento: WT/COMTD/N/*)      > buscar Contratación pública (Signatura: GPA/* y palabra clave que varía)      > buscar Derechos de propiedad intelectual (ver ADPIC supra) Empresas comerciales del Estado (Signatura del documento: G/STR/N/* and ZMB)      > buscar Licencias de importación (Signatura del documento: G/LIC/N/* and ZMB)      > buscar Medidas en materia de inversiones relacionadas con el comercio (Signatura: G/TRIMS/N/* and ZMB)      > buscar Medidas sanitarias y fitosanitarias (Signatura del documento: G/SPS/N/ZMB/*)      > buscar Normas de origen (Signatura del documento: G/RO/N/*)      > buscar Obstáculos técnicos al comercio: las notificaciones en virtud del Acuerdo OTC se pueden consultar en Obstáculos técnicos al comercio Productos de tecnología de la información (Signatura del documento: varios)      > buscar Salvaguardias (Signatura del documento: G/SG/N/* and ZMB)      > buscar Servicios (Signatura del documento: S/C/N/*)      > buscar Subvenciones y medidas compensatorias (Signatura del documento: G/SCM/N/* and ZMB)      > buscar Textiles: las notificaciones se pueden consultar por artículo en  Textiles Valoración en aduana (Signatura del documento: G/VAL/N/* and ZMB)      > buscar    Aceptación de los instrumentos multilaterales   Adhesión a los Acuerdos Plurilaterales   Participación en ACR y ACP   Estudios monográficos   (solamente en inglés) > How Regional Economic Communities can Facilitate Participation in the WTO: The Experience of Mauritius and Zambia      > Si tiene problemas para visualizar esta página, sírvase ponerse en contacto con webmaster@wto.org
List your Company Zambia Tourism Click for Menu   News Map Zambia Climate Geography History Wildlife Birdlife Vegetation People Conservation Community Projects Plan your Trip Travel Information Airports Facts Getting Around Health & Medical Insurance Money and Banks Safety and Security Travel to Zambia Visa Information Transport Air Charter / Scheduled Bus Services Car Rental Train Travel Agents & Operators Zambia Europe United States South Africa United Kingdom Zambia and neighbouring countries Self Drive Border Crossing Vehicle and Accessories Navigation and Driving Food and Water Insects and Mosquitos Self Drive Suggestion Form What to do Adventure Activities Abseiling Bungee Jumping Elephant Trails Flights over Victoria Falls Gorge Swing Horse Trails Hydrospeeding Kayaking Lion Walks River Boarding Swimming Below Victoria Falls Victoria Falls Devils Pool Walk with Cheetahs White Water Rafting Safaris & Tours Birding Safaris Canoeing Safaris Guided Safaris Mobile Safaris Photographic Safaris Leisure Holidays Fishing Trips House Boating Other Activities Tribal Textiles Where to stay National Parks Kafue Kasanka Liuwa Plains Lochinvar Lower Zambezi Mosi oa Tunya North Luangwa Nsumbu Sioma Ngwezi South Luangwa Luambe West Lunga Victoria Falls Hotels Lodges Guest houses Backpackers Lake Kariba Hotels Chalets Houseboats Lake Tanganyika Lodges Guest houses Northern Zambia Bangweulu Lavushi Manda Muchinga Province Great North Road Towns & Cities Lusaka Livingstone Siavonga Solwezi The Copperbelt Kitwe Other Towns What to see National Parks Kafue Kasanka Lochinvar Lower Zambezi Liuwa Plains Luambe Mosi oa Tunya North Luangwa Nsumbu Sioma Ngwezi South Luangwa Other Parks Waterfalls Victoria Falls Kalambo Falls Kundalila Falls Lumangwe Falls Ngonye Falls Other Waterfalls Vast Lakes Lake Bangweulu Lake Kariba Lake Mweru Lake Tanganyika Rich Rivers Kafue River Luangwa River Zambezi River Cities & Towns Chingola Kitwe Livingstone Lusaka Ndola Siavonga The Copperbelt Historic Monuments Museums Shiwa Ngandu Welcome to Zambia!
Blessed with awe-inspiring natural wonders, an abundance of wildlife, huge water bodies and vast open spaces, Zambia offers unforgettable holidays exploring the real Africa.
Acknowledged as one of the safest countries in the world to visit, Zambia's welcoming people live in peace and harmony.
Recent News & Articles Ready for River Journeys down the Luangwa To be in the heart of the South Luangwa National Park at peak flood time, with the river as your only access to the first camp built in Zambia, is ... The best of Zambia on Instagram this week It’s a new year, and we’re back with our best shots from Zambia on Instagram since we welcomed in 2017.
She’s the woman behind Wil ... See All News Articles Plan & Book Your Zambia Trip Destinations in Zambia Things to do in Zambia Plan your Trip Visa Information Travel Agents Self Drive Navigate What to See Where to Stay What to Do About Zambia Zambia Map Zambia News Recent News Ready for River Journeys down the Luangwa January 16, 2017 To be in the heart of the South Luangwa National Park at ... The best of Zambia on Instagram this week January 5, 2017 It’s a new year, and we’re back with our bes ... Developed and Marketed by © 2016 Zambia Tourism.
Zambia Tourism Agency Advertise Feedback Sitemap Newsletter Contact
Pages Home About me Things I would kill for from America Contacting Me Photos and Videos FAQ Zambia Application Process and Time-line Reading Material Bucket List Zambia Get the &amp;amp;lt;a href="http://www.widgetbox.com/widget/weather-clock"&amp;amp;gt;weather
First and foremost I would like to state that I am extremely excited to be serving in Zambia.
Where is Zambia?
There is Zambia!
Zambia itself is divided in provinces (seen below) Where are the People?
Some Facts: There are 72 documented languages in Zambia despite English being the official language.
The climate of Zambia is tropical.
Why do People Come to Zambia?: The most commonly visited site in Zambia is Victoria Falls, made famous by Livingstone.
Issues in Zambia: About 68% of Zambians live below the poverty line Life expectancy is 40 High infant mortality rate: 68.4 deaths per 1,000 live births Most children (especially girls) drop out of school in their 7th year due to economic issues Zambia currently has one of the highest incidences of HIV/ AIDS in Africa.
What I will be Doing in Zambia: I will be working with RED (Rural Education Development) project.
Which is working to improve education in Zambia across the country.
Food: The mainly cited foods in Zambia are: Nshima (cornmeal porridge), cabbage, and kapenta (fish), as well as other staple foods like local leaf sauces and smoked fish.
Zambia itself is a rural country so many volunteer find themselves traveling by bike extensively many bike up to 30 miles a day - and traveling to the capitol can take days.
*Much of this info was taken from the Peace Corps welcome book for Zambia.
Other People in my Group: Jessica H Shannon Richard Meredith Ambrosia April Kelli Jessica F Deanna Caitlin Blogs about Zambia: http://carriezambia.blogspot.com/
Videos: - Amazing movie about PC service in Zambia Part 1 Part 2 - Life in Zambia (Interviews with PC volunteers in Zambia) - Tour of Couples House in Zambia - Tour of Single hut in Zambia (Very cute!) - Another Hut in Zambia (Sorry I'm addicted) -  Zambian Singing - You Know Your an African Volunteer When... Books: Glimmers of Hope: Memoir of a Volunteer in Zambia (AWESOME BOOK! Memoir of a volunteer teacher in Zambia) Cultures and Customs of Zambia Globetrotter Zambia and Victoria Falls Vagabonding-Uncommon-Guide-Long-Term-Travel The Ugly American Additional Links: Offical Peace Corps Zambia Page Peace Corps Wiki Page on Zambia Wikipedia - Zambia Lonely planet - Zambia Zambia Tourism National Zambia Homepage African News - Zambia CIA Factbook - Zambia Zambians for Empowerment and Development Email This BlogThis!
I am part of the January 2011 RED group in Zambia.
About Me: View my complete profile Contacting Me Musi Lisa A. Kilic/PCV Peace Corps Po Box 850010 Serenje, Zambia *Please read the contacting me tab for more instructions.
Country Lists Countries Alphabetically A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Z Zambia Zimbabwe Regions World North America Latin America Europe Africa Asia Pacific Caribbean 60 Days of Prayer Prayer Calendar Join the Prayer Movement Pray for the World What People are Saying The Store @ IVPress Purchase all Operation World products here : The book, CD-ROM, book/CD-ROM combo pack, DVD-ROM, and wall map Prayer Movement Join the Prayer Movement Pray Today Free Prayer-Enhancing Resources Why Pray for the Nations Understanding Prayer in Light of God's Kingdom Prayer and the Nations How to Start When the Needs are so Many Special Matters for Prayer Ideas for Community Prayer Efforts Churches Prayer Resources Free Prayer-Enhancing Resources Prayer Videos What People are Saying Partners for Prayer Country Lists Countries Alphabetically A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W Y Z Zambia Zimbabwe Regions World North America Latin America Europe Africa Asia Pacific Caribbean 60 Days of Prayer Prayer Calendar About OW Give Us Your Feedback Meet the Team Newsletters Mission, Vision, Ethos What Others Are Saying Social Media About WEC About InterVarsity Press About GMI Contact Us Webmaster Jason/OW Team WEC InterVarsity Press GMI News and Information Technical Support Ways to Get Involved Join the Team Errata Store Zambia Printer-friendly version Join the Prayer Movement click map to enlarge click map to enlarge click graph for key   Zambia Republic of Zambia Africa See Prayer Information Geography Area: 752,614 sq km Landlocked central/ southern African country; largely savannah grasslands with forested areas.
The emphasis is rightly on partnering with Zambians, training them for leadership and service and developing holistic ministries that are sustainable and useful.
The Zambian Churchs interest in missions has grown in the last 10 years, in large part due to the GLO Centre and ProChristo/ OM .
Hundreds now serve cross-culturally within Zambia and to neighbouring nations, almost all of which are much less evangelized and even more in need of practical assistance.
The Brethren/CMML alone has sent out 150 workers within Zambia, into the region and even to India and the UK.
More Information The Operation World book, CD-ROM, and DVD-ROM provide far more information and fuel for prayer for the people of Zambia.
Flag of Zambia From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia Jump to: navigation , search Zambia Use National flag and ensign Proportion 2:3 Adopted 24 October 1964 Design A green field with an orange coloured eagle in flight over a rectangular block of three vertical stripes coloured from left to right in red, black and orange Designed by Gabriel Ellison The flag of Zambia was adopted upon independence on October 24, 1964.
Before that, Zambia was the British protectorate of Northern Rhodesia and used a defaced Blue Ensign as its flag.
The colours used in the flag of Zambia are rich in symbolism.
Green stands for the nation's lush flora, red for the nation's struggle for freedom , black for the Zambian people, and orange for the land's natural resources and mineral wealth.
[3] The Zambian flag was slightly modified in 1996.
The shade of green used in the 1964 flag was replaced with a brighter and lighter green and the eagle was slightly altered so as to be more like the one used in the Zambian coat of arms .
Contents 1 Design 1.1 Colours 1.2 Symbolism 2 Flag protocol 3 Historical flags 3.1 Company Rule 3.2 British Protectorate 3.3 Independence 4 Other flags 4.1 Presidential Standard 4.2 Air Ensigns 5 See also 6 References 7 External links Design [ edit ] Construction sheet of the Zambian flag.
The design of the national flag of Zambia is described in National Flag and Armorial Ensigns Act of 4 June 1965.
Each of the four colours represents an aspect of Zambia: green for the country's natural resources and vegetation; red for its struggle for freedom; black for its people and orange for its mineral wealth (primarily copper).
[6] Flag protocol [ edit ] The flag flying outside the Lundazi Council building By law, the Zambian flag should be flown only between the hours of sunrise and sunset and may be flown: at buildings or premises owned or occupied by the Government; at buildings or premises owned or occupied by local government authorities; at buildings or premises owned or occupied by any statutory board or statutory corporation; at state-aided schools; on any motor car, boat or ship in or by which a Minister of Government is for the time being travelling; [1] on any ship registered as Zambian.
[1] Historical flags [ edit ] Company Rule [ edit ] See also: Company rule in Rhodesia Flag of British South Africa Company (1890-1924) British Protectorate [ edit ] Further information: Flag of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland See also: Northern Rhodesia and Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland Flag of Northern Rhodesia (1924-1964) Flag of the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland, of which Northern Rhodesia was a part (1953-1963) Independence [ edit ] 1964-1996 variant of the current flag, with a darker shade of green Other flags [ edit ] Presidential Standard [ edit ] Flag of the President of Zambia Air Ensigns [ edit ] See also: Civil air ensign Zambia Air Force Ensign Zambian civil air ensign See also [ edit ] Heraldry portal Africa portal Zambia portal Coat of arms of Zambia References [ edit ] ^ a b c d "National Flag and Armorial Ensigns Act" (PDF) .
Ministry of Legal Affairs, Government of the Republic of Zambia.
Ministry of Legal Affairs, Government of the Republic of Zambia.
^ Zambia at Flags of the World ^ "Defaced Zambian flags should be replaced" .
Times of Zambia.
^ "The World Factbook -Africa:Zambia - Flag" (PDF) .
External links [ edit ] Media related to Flags of Zambia at Wikimedia Commons Zambia at Flags of the World v t e Flags of Africa Sovereign states Algeria Angola Benin Botswana Burkina Faso Burundi Cameroon Cape Verde Central African Republic Chad Comoros Democratic Republic of the Congo Republic of the Congo Djibouti Egypt Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Ethiopia Gabon The Gambia Ghana Guinea Guinea-Bissau Ivory Coast (Côte d'Ivoire) Kenya Lesotho Liberia Libya Madagascar Malawi Mali Mauritania Mauritius Morocco Mozambique Namibia Niger Nigeria Rwanda São Tomé and Príncipe Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Somalia South Africa South Sudan Sudan Swaziland Tanzania Togo Tunisia Uganda Zambia Zimbabwe States with limited recognition Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic Somaliland Dependencies and other territories Canary Islands  / Ceuta  / Melilla  / Plazas de soberanía   (Spain) Madeira   (Portugal) Mayotte  / Réunion   (France) Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha   (United Kingdom) v t e National flags and coats of arms National flags Sovereign states Dependent territories Timeline National coats of arms Sovereign states Dependent territories v t e Zambia   articles History History of Zambia Company rule (Rhodesia) Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland Monuments and historic sites Northern Rhodesia Geography Cities and towns Climate Districts Ecoregions National parks Provinces Wildlife Politics Defence Force Elections parliamentary constituencies Foreign relations Judiciary LGBT history National Assembly Political parties Presidents Prime Minister Vice Presidents Economy Central bank Companies Kwacha (currency) Stock Exchange Telecommunications Transport airports Society Anthem Coat of arms Culture Demographics Education Films Flag Languages List of Zambians Music Religion Outline Index Book Category Portal Retrieved from " https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Flag_of_Zambia&oldid=743030938 " Categories : 1964 introductions National symbols of Zambia Flags of Africa National flags Hidden categories: Use dmy dates from July 2015 Use British English from December 2014 Commons category with local link same as on Wikidata Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Talk Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Article Talk Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main page Contents Featured content Current events Random article Donate to Wikipedia Wikipedia store Interaction Help About Wikipedia Community portal Recent changes Contact page Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item Cite this page Print/export Create a book Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Languages Afrikaans العربية Asturianu Azərbaycanca Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български Bosanski Català Čeština Dansk Deutsch Eesti Ελληνικά Español Esperanto فارسی Français Galego 한국어 Հայերեն हिन्दी Hrvatski বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Bahasa Indonesia Italiano עברית Kiswahili Lietuvių Magyar Македонски मराठी Bahasa Melayu Nederlands 日本語 Norsk bokmål Polski Português Română Русский Simple English Slovenčina Српски / srpski Srpskohrvatski / српскохрватски Suomi Svenska ไทย Türkçe Українська Yorùbá 中文 Edit links This page was last modified on 7 October 2016, at 10:24.
Zambia De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Republic of Zambia República de Zambia Bandera Escudo Lema : One Zambia, One Nation ( inglés : «Una Zambia, una nación» Himno : Stand and Sing of Zambia, Proud and Free '' ( ingles : «Levantaos y cantad a Zambia, orgullosa y libre») Capital (y ciudad más poblada) Lusaka 15°25′00″S 28°17′00″E ﻿ / ﻿ -15.416666666667, 28.283333333333 Idiomas oficiales Inglés Gentilicio zambiano, -na Forma de gobierno República presidencialista Presidente Vicepresidenta Edgar Chagwa Lungu Inonge Wina Colonización  • Rodesia  • Rodesia Norte  • Federación Independencia  • Fecha 1890 - 1923 1923 - 1953 1953 - 1963 del Reino Unido 24 de octubre de 1964 Superficie Puesto 38.º  • Total 752 618 [ 1 ] km²  • Agua (%) 1,23 Fronteras 5.664 km Línea de costa 0 km Punto más alto Ubicación sin nombre en los Cerros Mafinga Población total Puesto 70.º  • Censo 14 331 000 ( 2 009 ) [ 2 ]  hab.
millones  • Per cápita US$1.431 (2009) IDH (2014) 0,586 [ 3 ] ( 139.º ) –  Medio Moneda Kwacha zambiano ( ZMK ) Huso horario UTC +2  • En verano UTC +2 Código ISO 894 / ZMB / ZM Dominio internet .zm
Prefijo telefónico +260 Prefijo radiofónico 9IA-9JZ Código del COI ZAM Membresía ONU , Commonwealth , UA , COMESA , ASA , [ editar datos en Wikidata ] Zambia , oficialmente la República de Zambia (en inglés : Republic of Zambia ) es un país sin salida al mar ubicado en el centro-sur del continente africano .
Zambia proclamó su independencia del Reino Unido el 24 de octubre de 1964 , con Kenneth Kaunda como su primer presidente.
Índice 1 Historia 1.1 Colonización europea 1.2 República de Zambia 2 Gobierno y política 3 Derechos humanos 4 Organización territorial 5 Geografía 5.1 Clima 5.2 Ecología 6 Economía 7 Demografía 7.1 Sanidad 7.2 Población de las ciudades principales 7.3 Educación 7.4 Idiomas 8 Religión 9 Cultura 9.1 Fiestas 10 Deportes 11 Véase también 12 Referencias 13 Enlaces externos Historia [ editar ] Artículo principal: Historia de Zambia El territorio actual de Zambia fue originalmente poblado por tribus khoisan de cazadores-recolectores, que fueron desplazados hace unos dos mil años por pueblos migratorios, más avanzados tecnológicamente.
Entre esos pueblos se encontraban los tonga (También llamados batonga) que fueron los primeros en establecerse en Zambia.
Colonización europea [ editar ] Estatua del explorador escocés David Livingstone en el lado zambiano de las cataratas Victoria .
Visitada por los portugueses en el siglo XVIII , la actual Zambia fue explorada por el británico David Livingstone .
Antigua Rodesia del Norte , en 1953 el Reino Unido intentó unirla a Rodesia del Sur (actual Zimbabue ) y Malaui , pero los intereses de los colonos blancos de Rodesia del Sur hicieron que en 1964 Rodesia del Norte se separase, formando el nuevo Estado de Zambia.
República de Zambia [ editar ] Kenneth Kaunda , primer Presidente de Zambia.
En 1979, comandos de Rodesia destruyeron en Lusaka el cuartel general del movimiento guerrillero Unión Africana del Pueblo de Zimbabwe (ZAPU), que combatía el régimen blanco rodesiano con el apoyo del gobierno de Zambia.
Gobierno y política [ editar ] Artículo principal: Gobierno y política de Zambia Zambia es una república , en la que el poder ejecutivo lo tiene el presidente –que es también el Jefe de Estado y el de gobierno – y el vicepresidente , elegidos por un período de cinco años por voto popular.
Derechos humanos [ editar ] En materia de derechos humanos , respecto a la pertenencia a los siete organismos de la Carta Internacional de Derechos Humanos, que incluyen al Comité de Derechos Humanos (HRC), Zambia ha firmado o ratificado: Estatus de los principales instrumentos internacionales de derechos humanos [ 4 ] Zambia Tratados internacionales CESCR [ 5 ] CCPR [ 6 ] CERD [ 7 ] CED [ 8 ] CEDAW [ 9 ] CAT [ 10 ] CRC [ 11 ] MWC [ 12 ] CRPD [ 13 ] CESCR CESCR-OP CCPR CCPR-OP1 CCPR-OP2-DP CEDAW CEDAW-OP CAT CAT-OP CRC CRC-OP-AC CRC-OP-SC CRPD CRPD-OP Pertenencia Firmado y ratificado, firmado pero no ratificado, ni firmado ni ratificado, sin información, ha accedido a firmar y ratificar el órgano en cuestión, pero también reconoce la competencia de recibir y procesar comunicaciones individuales por parte de los órganos competentes.
Organización territorial [ editar ] Artículo principal: Organización territorial de Zambia Provincias de Zambia.
Zambia se divide en diez provincias, cada una administrada por un viceministro que realiza esencialmente las funciones de un gobernador .
Las 10 provincias (entre paréntesis, el nombre de su respectiva capital) son: Provincia Central ( Kabwe ) Provincia de Copperbelt ( Ndola ) Provincia del Este ( Chipata ) Provincia de Luapula ( Mansa ) Provincia de Lusaka ( Lusaka ) Provincia de Muchinga ( Chinsali ) Provincia del Noroeste ( Solwezi ) Provincia del Norte ( Kasama ) Provincia del Oeste ( Mongu ) Provincia del Sur ( Livingstone ) Geografía [ editar ] Artículo principal: Geografía de Zambia Mapa de Zambia.
Zambia es un país sin salida al mar , su extensión se calcula en unos 752 618 kilómetros cuadrados.
[ 1 ] El territorio zambiano es fundamentalmente montañoso y presenta numerosas depresiones y hundimientos tectónicos .
El punto más alto se encuentra en las montañas Mafinga a 2301 metros y el más bajo a 329 m en el río Zambeze (que es considerado el río más importante de Zambia), el cual da nombre al país.
Las cataratas constituyen uno de los principales focos turísticos del África austral en Zimbabue y también de la región de Livingstone en Zambia.
El clima de Zambia es tropical , suavizado por la altitud .
Ecología [ editar ] Mapa satélite de Zambia.
El bioma dominante en Zambia es la sabana .
Economía [ editar ] Artículo principal: Economía de Zambia La mina de cobre de Nkana en Kitwe .
La economía depende, en gran medida, del cobre , mineral del que Zambia es uno de los primeros productores mundiales y que representa el 90% del valor de las exportaciones.
Dentro del sector industrial destaca la rama de tratamiento de minerales (sobre todo la refinación del cobre); también descuellan la producción del cemento y las industrias derivadas de la agricultura: aceites vegetales , manufacturas del algodón , azucareras , jabones , etc. La agricultura se encuentra poco desarrollada, y pese a que genera un 85% de empleo total formal e informal del país, se centra básicamente en los cultivos de subsistencia : maíz (es el cultivo principal y la base de la dieta zambiana), batata , cacahuetes , mandioca y mijo .
Actualmente en Zambia, un 60 % de la población vive debajo de la línea de pobreza, siendo esta un 78% en las áreas rurales y un 52% en las áreas urbanas.
Demografía [ editar ] Evolución de la población de Zambia.
Artículo principal: Demografía de Zambia La población zambiana se concentra en el alto Zambeze y a lo largo del corredor de la vía férrea norte-sur, donde se emplazan las ciudades de este país, uno de los más urbanizados del África negra.
Al año 2010, Zambia tiene una población de 13 046 508 habitantes.
Evolución demográfica de acuerdo a los cuatro últimos censos Año Población 1980 5 661 801 1990 7 383 097 2000 9 885 591 2010 13 046 508 Sanidad [ editar ] Mujeres zambianas en el medio rural.
Población de las ciudades principales [ editar ] Artículo principal: Anexo:Localidades de Zambia Ciudad Población Lusaka 1 218 200 Ndola 547 900 Kitwe 368 800 Kabwe 213 800 Chingola 150 500 Luanshya 124 800 Livingstone 108 100 Educación [ editar ] Niños en una escuela cercana a Monze, al sur de Zambia.
[ 16 ] La educación de Zambia se divide en dos niveles: educación básica (1 a 9 años) y secundaria (10 a 12 años).
Las principales universidades de Zambia son la Universidad de Zambia (UNZA), la Universidad Mulungushi (MU) y la Universidad Copperbelt (CBU).
Idiomas [ editar ] El idioma oficial de Zambia es el inglés e idioma malayalam , que se utilizan en asuntos oficiales y es el que generalmente se enseña en las escuelas, además se hablan otros 72 dialectos locales, siendo que en Lusaka destaca el nyanja , otros dialectos que se destacan son el Bemba, Kaounde, Tonga, Lunda y Luvale.
También se introdujo un curso de alemán en la Universidad de Zambia (Lusaka).
Religión [ editar ] Artículo principal: Religión de Zambia Religión en Zambia Religión Porcentaje Protestantes, evangélicos e independientes    60 % Católicos    21 % Religiones con componentes étnicos    10 % Testigos de Jehová    5 % Bahai's    1.5 % No religiosos y ateos    1 % Otros    1.5 % Zambia es oficialmente una nación cristiana de acuerdo con la constitución de 1996, con una amplia variedad de tradiciones religiosas.
Zambia tiene una de las mayores porcentaje de adventistas del séptimo día per cápita en el mundo, lo que representa aproximadamente 1 de cada 18 de Zambia.
Uno de cada 11 de Zambia es miembro de la Iglesia Nueva Apostólica.
el distrito de Zambia de la iglesia es la tercera más grande después de Congo Medio y el este de África (Nairobi).
La población bahá'í de Zambia es más de 160.000, o el 1,5% de la población.
Cultura [ editar ] Artículo principal: Cultura de Zambia Véase también: Anexo:Patrimonio de la Humanidad en Zambia Mercado tradicional.
El producto de las interacciones entre las costumbres africanas y la cultura europea recibió el nombre de "Cultura Zambia".
Fiestas Fecha Nombre en castellano Nombre local Notas Segundo lunes de marzo Día de la Juventud Youth Day 25 de mayo Día de África Africa Day Primer lunes de julio Día de los Héroes Heros' day Primer martes de julio Día de la Unidad Unity Day 24 de octubre Día de la independencia Independence Day Deportes [ editar ] Zambia en los Juegos Olímpicos Selección de fútbol de Zambia El fútbol es el deporte más popular del país, seguido del atletismo .
Lamentablemente el deporte zambiano también vivió una tragedia: el 27 de abril de 1993, el avión que llevaba a la selección de Zambia a la ciudad de Dakar, capital de Senegal, para llevarse a cabo un partido entre ambas selecciones para definir el pase a la Copa Mundial de 1994; cayó al mar por las costas de Gabón, falleciendo todos los pasajeros en su interior.
La máxima competición nacional de fútbol es la Primera División de Zambia .
Otros deportes populares en Zambia son el rugby , el boxeo y el cricket .
Zambia también logró una medalla de plata (en Atlanta 1996) y una de bronce (en Los Ángeles 1984) en los Juegos Olímpicos.
Véase también [ editar ] Accidente de autobús en Chibombo , uno de los peores accidentes en la historia del país Referencias [ editar ] ↑ a b c CIA. «Zambia - Geografía - Libro Mundial de Hechos» .
↑ Camerapix: "Spectrum Guide to Zambia."
(en inglés) ↑ a b c d PDF Health Profile of Zambia - 2006 sur http://www.afro.who.int/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=1058&Itemid=2024 ↑ https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/fields/2103.html
↑ Zambia to introduce Portuguese into school curriculum .
Wikimedia Atlas: Zambia Wikcionario tiene definiciones y otra información sobre Zambia .
Wikcionario Wikinoticias tiene noticias relacionadas con Zambia .
Wikinoticias Republic of Zambia State House —Sitio gubernamental oficial (inglés) Parlamento de Zambia (inglés) Zambia National Tourist Board —Oficina de Turismo de Zambia (inglés) Wikimedia Commons alberga contenido multimedia sobre Zambia .
Commons Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Zambia&oldid=96453451 » Categoría : Zambia Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Páginas con referencias con parámetros obsoletos Wikipedia:Artículos con datos locales Wikipedia:Artículos de países que requieren mantenimiento Wikipedia:Artículos destacados en la Wikipedia en afrikáans Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Wikinoticias Wikiviajes Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Acèh Afrikaans Alemannisch አማርኛ Aragonés العربية مصرى Asturianu Azərbaycanca Башҡортса Žemaitėška Bikol Central Беларуская Беларуская (тарашкевіца)‎ Български भोजपुरी Bahasa Banjar Bamanankan বাংলা བོད་ཡིག বিষ্ণুপ্রিয়া মণিপুরী Brezhoneg Bosanski Буряад Català Mìng-dĕ̤ng-ngṳ̄ Нохчийн Cebuano Tsetsêhestâhese کوردیی ناوەندی Qırımtatarca Čeština Чӑвашла Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Zazaki Dolnoserbski ދިވެހިބަސް Eʋegbe Ελληνικά English Esperanto Eesti Euskara Estremeñu فارسی Suomi Võro Føroyskt Français Arpetan Nordfriisk Frysk Gaeilge Gagauz Gàidhlig Galego Gaelg 客家語/Hak-kâ-ngî עברית हिन्दी Fiji Hindi Hrvatski Hornjoserbsce Kreyòl ayisyen Magyar Հայերեն Interlingua Bahasa Indonesia Interlingue Igbo Ilokano Ido Íslenska Italiano 日本語 Patois La .lojban.
Historia de Zambia De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Zambia es un país centroafricano fruto de la colonización europea del siglo XIX .
Índice 1 Historia temprana 2 Edad contemporánea 2.1 Estados decimonónicos 2.2 Colonización europea 2.3 Zambia independiente 2.3.1 Años 1960 y 1970 2.3.2
Años 2000 3 Bibliografía Historia temprana [ editar ] El territorio actual de Zambia fue originalmente poblado por tribus khoisan de cazadores-recolectores, que fueron desplazados hace unos dos mil años por pueblos migratorios, más avanzados tecnológicamente.
Entre esos pueblos se encontraban los tonga (También llamados batonga) que fueron los primeros en establecerse en Zambia.
A comienzos del siglo XIX lo que hoy es Zambia estaba dividido en un puñado de Estados poderosos y estables, que debían su riqueza y aun su existencia a un comercio fructífero, y tribus más o menos suprafamiliares sin relevancia política ni territorial.
Los grandes países que tenían presencia en Zambia en torno a 1800 eran el Reino de Cazembe , el Imperio luba y el Imperio lunda .
Colonización europea [ editar ] Visitada por los portugueses en el siglo XVIII , la actual Zambia fue explorada por el británico David Livingstone .
Antigua Rodesia del Norte , en 1953 el Reino Unido intentó unirla a Rodesia del Sur (actual Zimbabue) y Malawi, pero los intereses de los colonos blancos de Zimbabue hicieron que en 1964 Rodesia del Norte se separase, formando el nuevo Estado de Zambia.
Zambia independiente [ editar ] Años 1960 y 1970 [ editar ] Winston Field pretendió la creación de un Estado independiente del Reino Unido formado por Rodesia del Norte y Rodesia del Sur , mientras que Barotselandia hubiera sido un segundo país, hecho más acorde con su pasado histórico.
Zambia, sin embargo, se independizó en 1964 .
En el momento de independizarse Zambia contaba con una riqueza mayor a la de sus vecinos.
La Sudáfrica del apartheid aprovechó esta circunstancia para imponer sanciones militares y económicas a Zambia, pues este país acogía de buen grado al CNA ( Congreso Nacional Africano , posteriormente primer partido de la democracia sudafricana).
Zambia, un Estado sin litoral , debía estar a bien con Sudáfrica debido a la dependencia que tenía de sus puertos, pues sus otros vecinos con mar, Angola y Mozambique , estaban envueltos en sendos revueltas.
No obstante Kaunda no hizo caso y Sudáfrica envió un ataque aéreo a la capital zambiana, Lusaka , en 1987 .
Kaunda, cuyo partido sólo tenía mayoría en el este del país, dimitió, aunque volvió a ser presidente de su partido en 1995 , cuando el MMD, liderado por Frederick Chiluba , a tal efecto segundo presidente de Zambia, daba señales inequívocas de desaparecer.
Wikimedia Commons alberga contenido multimedia sobre Historia de Zambia .
Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Historia_de_Zambia&oldid=91145663 » Categoría : Historia de Zambia Categoría oculta: Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Català Deutsch Ελληνικά English Suomi Français Ido Македонски Português Русский Svenska Kiswahili Українська Vèneto Yorùbá 中文 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 18 may 2016 a las 16:09.
Zambia From Wikitravel Earth : Africa : Southern Africa : Zambia Jump to: navigation , search Zambia Contents 1 Understand 1.1 History 1.2 Economy 1.3 People 1.4 Festivals 1.5 Climate 2 Regions 3 Cities 4 Other destinations 5 Get in 5.1 Visas 5.2 By plane 5.3 By train 5.4 By car 5.5 By bus 5.6 By boat 6 Get around 6.1 By plane 6.2
By internet Location Flag Quick Facts Capital Lusaka Government Republic Currency Zambian Kwacha (ZMW) Area total: 752,614km² water: 11,890km² land: 740,724km² Population 16,212,000 Language English (official), major vernaculars - Bemba, Kaonda, Lozi, Lunda, Luvale, Nyanja, Tonga, and about 70 other indigenous languages Religion Christian (50%-75%), Muslim and Hindu (24%-49%), indigenous beliefs (1%) Electricity 230V/50Hz, Plug type C/D/G Country code +260 Internet TLD .zm
Time Zone CAT (GMT +2 hours) Zambia is a a landlocked country in Southern Africa that's roughly the size of Texas or France.
Zambia is, bordered by Tanzania to the northeast, Malawi to the east, Mozambique to the southeast, Zimbabwe and Botswana to the south, with a narrow strip of Namibia known as the Caprivi Strip to the southwest, Angola to the west, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to the northwest.
Understand [ edit ] Zambia offers travellers some of the world's best safari opportunities, a glimpse into "real Africa," and Victoria Falls , one of the World's Seven Natural Wonders and a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
The name was changed to Zambia upon independence in 1964.
However Zambia under Kaunda was a staunch anti-Apartheid supporter, one of the only countries in the region to be so.
This created huge obstacles to Zambia, with South Rhodesia under Ian Smith's white rule invading and actually bombing Lusaka and with South Africa cutting its economic ties and attempting its own "sanctions" against the Zambians.
Zambia transitioned to a proper functioning democracy with the advent of Levy Mwanawasa as President.
Following Mwanawasa's untimely death in office Zambia went on to the 2011 election and claimed the title of being one of the few African countries to have a sitting President lose an election.
The peaceful election was taken as an indicator of how far Zambia had come and is viewed as a model African democracy.This was shown after the handover of power from the MMD to the Patriotic Front (PF) under Michael Sata.
Economy [ edit ] Typical Zambian village Much of Zambia remains poor, with GDP per capita of the order of USD1800/year, and the bulk of Zambia's population lives on subsistence agriculture.
Another recent success story has been the rebranding of tourism , driving tourists to the northern side of the Victoria Falls and Zambia's safaris, and the fast growth has come from a low base.
People [ edit ] As can be seen even from the bizarre squashed-peanut shape of the country, Zambia is one of the stranger legacies of colonialism, agglomerating a large number of different tribes (73, according to the official count) and languages (20, plus dialects).
Fortunately, with a long history of coexistence, significant migration around the country and similar Bantu-family languages, they all seem to get along pretty well and Zambia has been spared the violent inter-tribal strife that has decimated countries like Rwanda .
The Bemba are the largest group in Zambia, but they still form only about 20% of the population.
The Bemba came from the Congo in the 16th century, and while their homelands are in the north and middle of Zambia, many have immigrated to Lusaka and the Copperbelt.
The Chewa , Ngoni and Nsenga tribes, all found in the east of the country, share the Nyanja language and form Zambia's second largest grouping with about 15%.
Other tribes in Zambia's patchwork include the Lala and Bisa (5%), the Kaonde (3%), the Mambwe and Lungu (3%), the Lunda (3%), the Lamba (2.5%) and the Luvale (2%), and 57 more.
Festivals [ edit ] A highlight of any trip to Zambia is a visit to any of the many traditional festivals held throughout the country.
Kazanga , Kaoma [Central Western Zambia] (June - August).
The Kazanga ceremony is considered Zambia's oldest traditional ceremony having been celebrated by the Nkoya people for over 500 years.
The most famous of Zambia's festivals, this is the ceremonial migration of the Lozi king ( litunga ) from his dry season abode at Lealui to his wet season palace at Limulunga.
Livingstone Cultural & Arts Festival This was first held in 1994, this festival bring the traditional rulers from all the provinces of Zambia and visitors are also allowed with the knowledge of their culture in their tribe.
Umutomboko ceremony of the Lunda people in Luapula Province is held at Mwansabombwe to depict the coming to Zambia by the Lunda and Luba people from Kola in now Congo DR.The ceremony is held in July and is graced by Mwata Kazembe who performs a dance to commemorate the occasion.
Climate [ edit ] If you look at a map, Zambia appears to be squarely in the tropics, but thanks to its landlocked and elevated position it does have distinct seasons that run as follows: Winter — May to July.
Probably the best time of year to visit Zambia: come early in the dry season for birdwatching or to see Vic Falls at their biggest, or later when the bush has dried up for good game-spotting on safari.
Zambian mangoes are some of the greatest.
Zambia does not allow GMOs so if you are into organic foods, zambia is the place to be.
Regions [ edit ] Zambia can be divided into five geographic regions: Regions of Zambia Central Zambia Copperbelt Eastern Zambia Northern Plateau Zambezi Basin Cities [ edit ] Lusaka — the capital and largest city of the country Chingola — in the industrial Copperbelt region Chipata — provincial capital of Eastern Province, on the way to Malawi Kabwe — large town midway between Lusaka and Ndola Kasama — capital city of the Northern Province Kitwe — mining city in the Copperbelt and Zambia's second largest Livingstone — gateway to the Victoria Falls Mufulira — another town in the Copperbelt area Ndola — administrative capital of the Copperbelt Other destinations [ edit ] Blue Lagoon National Park — very accessible, with lechwe, zebra and buffalo Kafue National Park — largest national park of the country Lochinvar National Park — excellent for bird watching Lower Zambezi National Park — used to be the president's private game reserve, now pristine wilderness without mass tourism North Luangwa National Park — only since recently open for day trips Nsumbu National Park — used to be very popular in the 1970s but has declined in the last decades South Luangwa National Park — one of Africa's greatest safari destinations Victoria Falls — one of the world's largest waterfalls West Lunga National Park — the only one in Zambia covered by forest See also : African National Parks Get in [ edit ] Elephants crossing the Luangwa River, South Luangwa National Park Visas [ edit ] Zambian visa policy is best summarized as confusing : there is a bewildering thicket of rules on who needs visas, whether visas can be obtained on arrival, and how much they cost.
Due to recent political turbulence in Zimbabwe, Zambia has been cashing in on the unexpected boom in its tourism industry, with visa fees hiked and the previous visa waiver program canceled: you're now expected to pay in cash on arrival at the immigration kiosks.
A day entry visa is available to all nationalities at US$20, valid 24 hours Transit visas carry the same cost as a single entry visa, valid 7 days Do check with the nearest Zambian embassy for the latest information; the Zambian Embassy to the US has some information on their homepage [2] , and getting the visa before arrival will reduce the uncertainty factor.
If you require a visa to enter Zambia, you might be able to apply for one at a British embassy, high commission or consulate in the country where you legally reside if there is no Zambian diplomatic post.
For example, the British embassies in Al Khobar [3] , Amman [4] , Belgrade [5] , Budapest [6] , Damascus [7] , Guatemala City [8] , Helsinki [9] , Jakarta [10] , Jeddah [11] , Kiev [12] , Prague [13] , Pristina [14] , Rabat [15] , Riga [16] , Riyadh [17] , Rome [18] , Sofia [19] , Tallinn [20] , Vienna [21] , Warsaw [22] and Zagreb [23] accept Zambian visa applications (this list is not exhaustive).
British diplomatic posts charge £50 to process a Zambian visa application and an extra £70 if the authorities in Zambia require the visa application to be referred to them.
The authorities in Zambia can also decide to charge an additional fee if they correspond with you directly.
There are four lanes, segmented by: Zambian passport holders; Residents; Tourists; and Diplomats.
By plane [ edit ] Zambia's main international gateway is Lusaka , gone are the days when getting to Zambia meant flying via Johannesburg, Lusaka is fast becoming something of a regional hub.
Local carriers have not fared well for various reasons with Zambian Airways, Zambia Airlines and Zambezi airlines all not trading as of mid 2013.
By train [ edit ] A train in Zambia TAZARA [25] trains run between Kapiri Mposhi , Zambia, and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
On the other hand, a train ride between Dar es Salaam and Zambia is a beautiful way to see the countryside at a reasonable price (about $55 for a first class sleeper and $40 for second).
Tazara (Tanzania Zambia railways) has been build by Chinese people in 1970'.
The last stop in Zambia is in middle of nowhere, small town Kapiri Mposhi.
You can take a taxi or hike 13 km across the border at the Victoria Falls Bridge to Livingstone station in Zambia and catch a Zambia Railways train to Lusaka and the Copperbelt connecting with the Tazara railway in Kapiri Mposhi.
By car [ edit ] Vehicles drive on the left side of the road in Zambia.
There are many ways to get into Zambia by car, but the most popular include: through Livingstone (in the south) from Zimbabwe via the Chirundu Bridge (in the south) from Zimbabwe via the Kariba Dam (in the south) from Zimbabwe through Chipata (in the east) from Malawi through Chingola (in the Copperbelt ) from the Democratic Republic of the Congo via the Katima Mulilo Bridge from Namibia via the Kazungula Ferry from Botswana through Tunduma and Nakonde from Tanzania Crossing international borders by car will incur a tax, depending on the size of the vehicle.
For a standard sedan, you can expect to pay the following: Carbon tax at K50,000, payable in kwachas only Third Party Insurance at approximately US$46, payable in rands, US dollars, or kwachas If you cross over the bridge between Zimbabwe and Zambia, you will also pay a toll fee of US$10, payable in dollars.
A nice 4x4 route in Zambia For Adventurous Campers: The South Luangwa tour: Lusaka-Petauke-Malama-Mfuwe-Nsefu-Chipata-Lilongwe or Mpika Very adventurous en scenic routes and campsites.
Zambia is a big country and the public roads are pretty fair for a normal car.
Most Zambians drive in a controlled way, sometimes a little too fast.
If you want to see more of Zambia, you will need a good 4x4 four wheel drive car.
Zambia is a wonderful country, lovely paople, full of stunning nature and wildlife.
The most well known parks in Zambia are Kafue (West of Lusaka) and South Luangwa (East of Lusaka).
Most National Parks in Zambia, like South Luangwa National Parl (SLNP), can be visited with your privat car.
By boat [ edit ] Zambia is landlocked but borders on Tanzania's Lake Tanganyika, and there are regular international ferry services across the lake a few times a week.
Also, if you enter Zambia through Namibia 's Caprivi Strip , you will have to cross the Zambezi River.
Get around [ edit ] Zambia is large and distances long, so budget plenty of time for getting around.
By plane [ edit ] Domestic flights on Proflight [26] or air viva connect Zambia's major cities and tourist destinations.
By car [ edit ] Vehicles drive on the left side of the road in Zambia — at least most of the time.
Car rental agencies exist in Zambia, but the costs are potentially great.
Not only are rental rates high ($100/day), but some of the main roads in Zambia are in very poor condition.
Although you are not likely to get lost driving in Zambia (there are only a few roads), you are likely to underestimate the destructive power of these roads and damage a rental vehicle, or worse, yourself!
Remember: there are no Roadside Assistance Packages, and very few ambulances, tow-trucks, or emergency vehicles of any kind in Zambia.
The separate Zambia Railways line Livingstone and Kitwe via Lusaka and Kapiri Mposhi (2 km from the TAZARA station).
By thumb [ edit ] Hitchhiking in Zambia is popular, although it can be extremely hit-or-miss as traffic density is low.
Nevertheless, hitchhiking does not carry with it the same stigma in Zambia as it does in the States; you are unlikely to be harmed, and you might make a great connection.
In Zambia, travelers do not "thumb" a ride.
Talk [ edit ] Thanks to its former colonial status, English is Zambia's official language and the language most often spoken in schools, on the radio, in government offices, etc.
Many urban Zambians will speak at least passable English.
Nevertheless, do not be surprised to find a rural Zambian who speaks flawless English.
The most important thing to remember when speaking to Zambians is to greet them.
When you first approach a Zambian, always begin by asking, "How are you?" even if you do not care.
Do [ edit ] [ add listing ] Zambia is making a name for itself as a must do safari destination.
It's marketing itself as the real Africa and if you visit any of the South African reserves before you go to Zambia you will agree with them!
The future for Zambia also looks a lot brighter than many of its neighbours, its new government under President Sata seems to be behind conservation.
It recently declined granting a uranium mining licence in Lower Zambezi National Park because of the environmental damage it would cause Organised safaris are the way to go in Zambia.
Zambia is home to some of Africa's greatest national parks.
Although sometimes you might find the borders of them hard to define, there are no fences in Zambia, it really is the Africa of your imagination.
Safaris are through various operators, many being very expensive, but good value options are available and it's best to use a local established operator such as The River Safari Company or check Zambia's tourist information web site.
Originally, the Kwacha — meaning "sunrise," so-named to celebrate Zambia's independence — was tied to the US dollar, so conversion was simple.
This means Zambia has new notes starting from the 2 Kwacha note and is now one of the few African countries to use coins.
US dollars used to be commonly used for larger purchases however, alongside the re-basing of the Kwacha from January 2013, this practice was made illegal for all Zambian businesses.
You should not be afraid to barter — after all, Zambians bargain among themselves — but try not to get carried away with saving a few pennies.
Finally, keep in mind the Zambian custom of mbasela (em-buh-SAY-la) — giving a freebie when more than one item is purchased.
Costs [ edit ] Zambia is comparatively expensive compared to its neighbors.
Foreign currencies just don't go as far as in other developing countries, and often prices in Zambia are the same as what one would be paying in America.
Zambian safaris are amongst the best available in Africa; they offer top quality viewing experiences with the continent's top guides.
Zambia's national parks are not 'commercialised' as in other countries (e.g.
As with every country only use major companies to change your money, not road side money changers, this is especially important in Zambia if you are not familiar with the rebased notes, you could end up with worthless "öld money".
Maestro is definitely a problem in Zambia and very few ATM's accept Maestro.
Traveler's cheques are almost impossible to process in Zambia, most chance you will have in the Lusaka international banks (Stanbic, Standard Chartered), but even then you will get a very poor rate, a high commission charge and it will take you a couple of hours, if you are lucky.
Eat [ edit ] [ add listing ] Nsima with three relishes: rape and peanut (top left), cabbage (bottom left) and kapenta (bottom right) Traditional Zambian food revolves around one staple, maize , served in one form, nshima (n'SHEE-ma).
Fast food — including burgers, pizza, and fried chicken — is very popular in Zambia.
Drink [ edit ] [ add listing ] Tap water in Zambia is generally not drinkable, at least unless boiled.
Beer [ edit ] Zambia's best-known brew is Mosi , a clear 4% lager available everywhere.
A wide variety of homebrews exist in Zambia, from beers made from honey (in the Southern province of the country), to wine made from tea leaves (in the Eastern portion of the country).
Finally, there is kachasu (cuh-CHA-suh) a spirit distilled from anything Zambians can get their hands on — including battery acid and fertilizer.
Therefore, if you are a single woman in a Zambian bar, be aware that you might be approached and offered the opportunity to do something you did not intend to do.
Sleep [ edit ] [ add listing ] In Zambia, you can sleep in an top-notch hotel for a few hundred dollars (such as The Intercontinental ); you can stay in an independent hotel (like the The Ndeke ), for about $50; or you can opt for a budget experience and spend about: $8(camping) or $15(dorm bed) $30(double room) (at Lusaka Backpackers ) for a highly adequate space.
If you are overlanding in your own, or a hired vehicle Zambia is a dream destination, its almost what Zambia is made for.
The only word of caution for overlanders is in towns and cities, although Zambia is largely safe overlander vehicles can be temptation to some, use a dedicated accommodation site where you can park up and leave your vehicle and belongings safely whilst you are exploring the city or shopping.
Learn [ edit ] The University of Zambia is the official university.
However, it is not affordable for most Zambians.
There are also Technical Schools throughout Zambia, and Teacher's Training Colleges are found in each Provincial Capital, providing two year's coursework for about $300.
Of course, because the locals have prepared for you, it is no longer 100% authentic, but you will get an idea of the hardships Zambians face.
Work [ edit ] Unemployment in Zambia was 16% in 2005 according to the Zambian Central Statistical Office.
The agriculture, forestry and fisheries industries employ over 70% of Zambian workers.
Although there is a substantial expat community in Zambia, most of these individuals are contracted by international agencies; by and large, they did not come to Zambia and then find work.
Stay safe [ edit ] Zambia is one of the few African countries which is generally safe, crime levels are similar to a European country.
Furthermore, men should avoid purchasing drinks for Zambian women they meet casually in bars; this is an invitation to spend the night.
Generally, Zambians are friendly people.
Corruption became endemic in Zambia under president Rupiah Banda.
Gay & Lesbian Travelers [ edit ] As is the case in most African countries, Zambian has a social and cultural atmosphere of discrimination towards the LGBT community.
These have been enforced against Zambians, but it is unlikely that foreign tourists will be arrested.
Increased foreign pressure has been put to bear on Zambia's policies towards this human rights issue.
Guy Scott suggested the Zambian government is aware of gay bars in Lusaka and had no intention of moving against them, but suggested however that gays should remain restrained.
Zambia is a highly malarial country.
In practice, yellow fever is not a problem in Zambia anymore, except perhaps in the extreme west along the Congolese borders.
However, many countries will insist on a yellow fever vaccination certificate if they find out you've been to Zambia, so it's best to get a jab.
Respect [ edit ] Zambians follow a strict patriarchal society — men are afforded more respect than women, and older men are respected more than younger men.
A holdover from colonial times, this might make a traveler uncomfortable, but this is largely a Zambian's way of being courteous.
Zambians are a curious people.
Zambians love to shake hands, and you should oblige them.
However, Zambians often like to hold hands for the duration of a conversation.
(Thighs, to Zambian men, are huge turn-ons.)
Finally, when meeting a Zambian — even to ask a question — you should always say hello and ask how they are.
Properly greeting a Zambian is very important.
Contact [ edit ] By mail [ edit ] The Zambian mail service is slow and a little flaky (especially outside Lusaka), but not completely hopeless.
By phone [ edit ] Public telephone, Zambian style The country code for Zambia is "260."
However, phone service both within Zambia and into Zambia is very hit-or-miss.
Cell phones have been booming in recent years, and Zambia has a highly competitive market with three main operators: airtel (0976,0977,0979), Cell Z (0955) and MTN (0966,0967).
If you plan on roaming with your non-Zambian SIM, check first to see if your home operator has made any roaming agreements; Zambia is usually not on the top of their list.
By internet [ edit ] Internet cafes are springing up in Zambia, but again, connections can be sporadic and very slow.
Retrieved from " http://wikitravel.org/wiki/en/index.php?title=Zambia&oldid=2417970 " Categories : Has custom banner Outline articles Navigation menu Personal tools Create account Log in Namespaces Page Discussion Variants Views Read Edit View history More Search Navigation Main Page Project Home Travellers' Pub Recent changes Random page Help Report a problem Upload a picture Wikitravel Shared Contact Wikitravel Feeds Travel news Tools What links here Related changes Special pages Printable version Permanent link Page information Export as ePub In other languages Català Deutsch Esperanto Español Suomi Français Magyar Italiano 日本語 Nederlands Polski Português Română Русский Svenska 中文 Wikitravel Shared Wikipedia Open Directory World66 other sites Wikitravel Shared Wikipedia Open Directory World66 This page was last modified on 9 August 2016, at 14:25.
Skip to Content Search Zambia and beyond Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Close Search Destinations Best in Travel Featured Africa Antarctica Asia Australia & Pacific Caribbean Central America Europe Middle East North America South America See All Countries Bookings Adventure tours Airport transfers Car rental Flights Hotels Insurance Sightseeing tours Shop Sign In Africa Zambia is where wildlife looms large is a natural world wonder is wild sunsets Cities Close cities in Zambia Lusaka Zambia Ndola Zambia Chipata Zambia Lusaka Ndola Chipata Kitwe Chingola Mpika Siavonga More places in Zambia Map Survival guide Articles Books Adventures Community Welcome to Zambia The rewards of travelling in Zambia are those of exploring remote, mesmerising wilderness as full of an astonishing diversity of wildlife as any part of Southern Africa.
Where one... Read More Top experiences in Zambia Sights in Zambia See all sights Launch map view © Mapbox © OpenStreetMap Improve this map Survival guide Visas Dull but essential passport paperwork and entry info Best time to go Hit the ground at the right time Money and costs Budgets, currency rates and on-the-ground costs Health Keep safe and well on the open road See More Recent articles DIY safari: a drive on the wild side in Zambia Set off on a self-drive road trip beneath the big skies of Zambia: roaming among big game by day, pitching under the stars at night and casting off in a canoe at the road’s end.
Camping beside an oxbow lake at Kalovia campsite, close to one of the largest hippo populations in Africa © Philip Lee Harvey / Lonely Planet Oliver Smith Lonely Planet Writer Top 10 reasons to visit Zambia This large, landlocked country in southern Africa has natural attractions that rival any continental competitor.
The sheer size and remoteness of Zambia’s vast network of national parks mean no safari jeep traffic jams, very personal service and an opportunity to meet massive mammals eye-to-eye.
Hoofing it into the bush is the focus of tourism in eastern Zambia’s South Luangwa National Park and other reserves.
A legacy of Zambia’s pioneering conservationists, ambling through lush grass or dusty sandbanks on the trail of a pride of lions is a thrilling experience.
Michael Grosberg Lonely Planet Writer Destination at a glance: Zambia Although copper and cobalt run through Zambia's veins, its heart is made of anything but heavy metal.
Lonely Planet Lonely Planet Writer Travel guides Starting at $26.99 Ready to go? Get to the heart of Zambia with one of Lonely Planet's in-depth, award-winning guidebooks.
Go to store Zambia adventures $2599 Small group tours Victoria Falls and Serengeti Adventure Inhale the fragrant perfume of Zanzibar’s spice plantations, hunt for the perfect snapshot of the ever-elusive Big Five, feel the thunder of Victoria Falls.
See More Adventures Zambia photo credits Newsletter sign up Subscribe now and receive a 20% discount on your next guidebook purchase.
Email address Country Select country Australia United Kingdom United States Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Channel Islands, The Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of the Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic East Timor Ecuador Egypt El Salvador England Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran, Islamic Republic of Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libyan Arab Jamahiriya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Antilles Netherlands New Caledonia New Guinea New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island North Korea Northern Ireland Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saba Saint Eustatius Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin (France) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Scotland Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Korea South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syrian Arab Republic Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Viet Nam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Sign up Destinations Africa Antarctica Asia Caribbean Islands Central America Europe Middle East North America Pacific South America Shop Destination guides eBooks Pictorial & gifts Phrasebooks Activity guides Special offers Forum Country forums Talk to Lonely Planet Interest forums Travel buddies & for sale Interests Adventure travel Beaches Budget travel Family travel Festivals and events Food and drink Honeymoons and romance Luxury travel Round the world travel Wildlife and nature Travel booking Hotels Flights Insurance About us Work for Us Contact us Press, trade and advertising Terms & conditions Privacy policy International English English (India) Deutsch Italiano 한국어 © 2017 Lonely Planet.
Library Secondary Navigation Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Home Library Publications Resources The World Factbook   Please select a country to view World Afghanistan Akrotiri Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Arctic Ocean Argentina Armenia Aruba Ashmore and Cartier Islands Atlantic Ocean Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas, The Bahrain Baker Island Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory British Virgin Islands Brunei Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cabo Verde Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Clipperton Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Cook Islands Coral Sea Islands Costa Rica Cote d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curacao Cyprus Czechia Denmark Dhekelia Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Islas Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Polynesia French Southern and Antarctic Lands Gabon Gambia, The Gaza Strip Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City) Honduras Hong Kong Howland Island Hungary Iceland India Indian Ocean Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Jan Mayen Japan Jarvis Island Jersey Johnston Atoll Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kingman Reef Kiribati Korea, North Korea, South Kosovo Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Mauritania Mauritius Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Midway Islands Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Namibia Nauru Navassa Island Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pacific Ocean Pakistan Palau Palmyra Atoll Panama Papua New Guinea Paracel Islands Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Islands Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena, Ascension, and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Southern Ocean South Georgia and South Sandwich Islands South Sudan Spain Spratly Islands Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Pacific Island Wildlife Refuges Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands Wake Island Wallis and Futuna West Bank Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe European Union ABOUT History Copyright and Contributors Purchasing Did You Know? REFERENCES Regional and World Maps Flags of the World Gallery of Covers Definitions and Notes Guide to Country Profiles Guide to Country Comparisons The World Factbook Users Guide APPENDICES A: abbreviations B: international organizations and groups C: selected international environmental agreements D: cross-reference list of country data codes E: cross-reference list of hydrographic data codes F: cross-reference list of geographic names G: weights and measures FAQ s CONTACT Africa :: ZAMBIA Page last updated on January 12, 2017 The World Factbook × Africa :: ZAMBIA Flag Description green field with a panel of three vertical bands of red (hoist side), black, and orange below a soaring orange eagle, on the outer edge of the flag; green stands for the country's natural resources and vegetation, red symbolizes the struggle for freedom, black the people of Zambia, and orange the country's mineral wealth; the eagle represents the people's ability to rise above the nation's problems The World Factbook × Africa :: ZAMBIA View 4 photos of ZAMBIA The World Factbook × Africa :: ZAMBIA 1 / 4 Caption Victoria Falls and the Zambezi River as seen from space.
The small town of Victoria Falls in Zimbabwe appears just west of the falls, with smaller tourist facilities on the east bank in Zambia.
Agency Copyright Notice 3 / 4 Caption View of Victoria Falls on the Zambezi River as seen from the Zambian (eastern) side.
Agency Copyright Notice Previous Next The World Factbook × Africa :: ZAMBIA Introduction :: ZAMBIA Background: The territory of Northern Rhodesia was administered by the former British South Africa Company from 1891 until it was taken over by the UK in 1923.
The name was changed to Zambia upon independence in 1964.
Geography :: ZAMBIA Location: Southern Africa, east of Angola, south of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Geographic coordinates: 15 00 S, 30 00 E Map references: Africa Area: total: 752,618 sq km land: 743,398 sq km water: 9,220 sq km country comparison to the world: 39 Area - comparative: slightly larger than Texas Land boundaries: total: 6,043.15
Irrigated land: 1,560 sq km (2012) Natural hazards: periodic drought; tropical storms (November to April) Environment - current issues: air pollution and resulting acid rain in the mineral extraction and refining region; chemical runoff into watersheds; poaching seriously threatens rhinoceros, elephant, antelope, and large cat populations; deforestation; soil erosion; desertification; lack of adequate water treatment presents human health risks Environment - international agreements: party to: Biodiversity, Climate Change, Climate Change-Kyoto Protocol, Desertification, Endangered Species, Hazardous Wastes, Law of the Sea, Ozone Layer Protection, Wetlands signed, but not ratified: none of the selected agreements Geography - note: landlocked; the Zambezi forms a natural riverine boundary with Zimbabwe; Lake Kariba on the Zambia-Zimbabwe border forms the world's largest reservoir by volume (180 cu km; 43 cu mi) People and Society :: ZAMBIA Population: 15,510,711 note: estimates for this country explicitly take into account the effects of excess mortality due to AIDS; this can result in lower life expectancy, higher infant mortality, higher death rates, lower population growth rates, and changes in the distribution of population by age and sex than would otherwise be expected (July 2016 est.) country comparison to the world: 70 Nationality: noun: Zambian(s) adjective: Zambian Ethnic groups: Bemba 21%, Tonga 13.6%, Chewa 7.4%, Lozi 5.7%, Nsenga 5.3%, Tumbuka 4.4%, Ngoni 4%, Lala 3.1%, Kaonde 2.9%, Namwanga 2.8%, Lunda (north Western) 2.6%, Mambwe 2.5%, Luvale 2.2%, Lamba 2.1%, Ushi 1.9%, Lenje 1.6%, Bisa 1.6%, Mbunda 1.2%, other 13.8%, unspecified 0.4% (2010 est.)
Languages: Bembe 33.4%, Nyanja 14.7%, Tonga 11.4%, Lozi 5.5%, Chewa 4.5%, Nsenga 2.9%, Tumbuka 2.5%, Lunda (North Western) 1.9%, Kaonde 1.8%, Lala 1.8%, Lamba 1.8%, English (official) 1.7%, Luvale 1.5%, Mambwe 1.3%, Namwanga 1.2%, Lenje 1.1%, Bisa 1%, other 9.7%, unspecified 0.2% note: Zambia is said to have over 70 languages, although many of these may be considered dialects; all of Zambia's major languages are members of the Bantu family (2010 est.)
Demographic profile: Zambia’s poor, youthful population consists primarily of Bantu-speaking people representing nearly 70 different ethnicities.
Zambia’s high fertility rate continues to drive rapid population growth, averaging almost 3 percent annually between 2000 and 2010.
Zambia also exhibits wide fertility disparities based on rural or urban location, education, and income.
HIV/AIDS is prevalent in Zambia and contributes to its low life expectancy.
Zambian emigration is low compared to many other African countries and is comprised predominantly of the well-educated.
The small amount of brain drain, however, has a major impact in Zambia because of its limited human capital and lack of educational infrastructure for developing skilled professionals in key fields.
For example, Zambia has few schools for training doctors, nurses, and other health care workers.
Age structure: 0-14 years: 46.08% (male 3,590,466/female 3,556,756) 15-24 years: 20% (male 1,550,183/female 1,552,706) 25-54 years: 28.65% (male 2,239,661/female 2,204,823) 55-64 years: 2.91% (male 211,039/female 240,156) 65 years and over: 2.35% (male 158,827/female 206,094) (2016 est.) population pyramid: The World Factbook × Africa :: ZAMBIA Population Pyramid A population pyramid illustrates the age and sex structure of a country's population and may provide insights about political and social stability, as well as economic development.
Unemployment, youth ages 15-24: total: 15.2% male: 14.6% female: 15.8% (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 42 Government :: ZAMBIA Country name: conventional long form: Republic of Zambia conventional short form: Zambia former: Northern Rhodesia etymology: name derived from the Zambezi River, which flows through the western part of the country and forms its southern border with neighboring Zimbabwe Government type: presidential republic Capital: name: Lusaka geographic coordinates: 15 25 S, 28 17 E time difference: UTC+2 (7 hours ahead of Washington, DC, during Standard Time) Administrative divisions: 10 provinces; Central, Copperbelt, Eastern, Luapula, Lusaka, Muchinga, Northern, North-Western, Southern, Western Independence: 24 October 1964 (from the UK) National holiday: Independence Day, 24 October (1964) Constitution: several previous; latest adopted 24 August 1991, promulgated 30 August 1991; amended 1996, 2015 (2016) Legal system: mixed legal system of English common law and customary law International law organization participation: has not submitted an ICJ jurisdiction declaration; accepts ICCt jurisdiction Citizenship: citizenship by birth: yes citizenship by descent: yes dual citizenship recognized: no residency requirement for naturalization: not specified Suffrage: 18 years of age; universal Executive branch: chief of state: President Edgar LUNGU (since 25 January 2015); Vice President Inonge WINA (since 26 January 2015); note - the president is both chief of state and head of government head of government: President Edgar LUNGU (since 25 January 2015); Vice President Inonge WINA (since 26 January 2015 cabinet: Cabinet appointed by president from among members of the National Assembly elections/appointments: president directly elected by absolute majority popular vote in 2 rounds if needed for a 5-year term (eligible for a second term); last held on 11 August 2016 (next to be held in 2021) election results: Edgar LUNGU reelected president; percent of vote - Edgar LUNGU (PF) 50.4%,
Hakainde HICHILEMA (UPND) 47.6%, other 2.0% Legislative branch: description: unicameral National Assembly (164 seats; 156 members directly elected in single-seat constituencies by simple majority vote, and 8 appointed by the president; members serve 5-year terms); note - 6 additional electoral seats were added for the 11 August 2016 election, up from 150 electoral seats in the 2011 election elections: last held on 11 August 2016 (next to be held in 2021) election results: percent of vote by party - NA; seats by party - PF 80, UPND 58, MMD 3, FDD 1, independent 14 Judicial branch: highest court(s): Supreme Court (consists of the chief justice and deputy chief justices, and at least 11 judges); Constitutional Court (consists of the court president, vice-president, and 11 judges); note - the Constitutional Court began operation in June 2016 judge selection and term of office: Supreme Court and Constitutional Court judges appointed by the president upon the advice of the 9-member Judicial Service Commission headed by the chief justice, and ratified by the National Assembly; judges normally serve until age 65 subordinate courts: Court of Appeal; High Court; Industrial Relations Court; subordinate courts (three levels, based on upper limit of money involved); Small Claims Court; local courts (2 grades, based on upper limit of money involved) Political parties and leaders: Alliance for Democracy and Development or ADD [Charles MILUPI] Forum for Democracy and Development or FDD [Edith NAWAKWI] Movement for Multiparty Democracy or MMD [Nevers MUMBA] Patriotic Front or PF [Edgar LUNGU] United Party for National Development or UPND [Hakainde HICHILEMA] International organization participation: ACP, AfDB, AU, C, COMESA, EITI (compliant country), FAO, G-77, IAEA, IBRD, ICAO, ICCt, ICRM, IDA, IFAD, IFC, IFRCS, ILO, IMF, Interpol, IOC, IOM, IPU, ISO (correspondent), ITSO, ITU, ITUC (NGOs), MIGA, MONUSCO, NAM, OPCW, PCA, SADC, UN, UNAMID, UNCTAD, UNESCO, UNHCR, UNIDO, UNISFA, UNMIL, UNMISS, UNOCI, UNWTO, UPU, WCO, WHO, WIPO, WMO, WTO Diplomatic representation in the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Palan MULONDA (since 8 January 2013) chancery: 2419 Massachusetts Avenue NW, Washington, DC 20008 telephone: [1] (202) 265-9717 through 9719 FAX: [1] (202) 332-0826 Diplomatic representation from the US: chief of mission: Ambassador Eric T. SCHULTZ (since 12 December 2014) embassy: Eastern end of Kabulonga Road, Ibex Hill, Lusaka mailing address: P. O. Box 31617, Lusaka telephone: [260] (211) 357-000 FAX: [260] ) (211) 357-224 Flag description: green field with a panel of three vertical bands of red (hoist side), black, and orange below a soaring orange eagle, on the outer edge of the flag; green stands for the country's natural resources and vegetation, red symbolizes the struggle for freedom, black the people of Zambia, and orange the country's mineral wealth; the eagle represents the people's ability to rise above the nation's problems National symbol(s): African fish eagle; national colors: green, red, black, orange National anthem: name: "Lumbanyeni Zambia" (Stand and Sing of Zambia, Proud and Free) lyrics/music: multiple/Enoch Mankayi SONTONGA note: adopted 1964; the melody, from the popular song "God Bless Africa," is the same as that of Tanzania but with different lyrics; the melody is also incorporated into South Africa's anthem Economy :: ZAMBIA Economy - overview: Zambia has had one of the world’s fastest growing economies for the past ten years, with real GDP growth averaging roughly 6.7% per annum, though growth slowed in 2015 to just over 3%, due to falling copper prices, reduced power generation, and depreciation of the kwacha.
Zambia’s lack of economic diversification and dependency on copper as its sole major export makes it vulnerable to fluctuations in the world commodities market and prices turned downward in 2015 due to declining demand from China; Zambia was overtaken by the Democratic Republic of Congo as Africa’s largest copper producer.
Zambia has raised $7 billion from international investors by issuing separate sovereign bonds in September 2012, April 2014, and July 2015, significantly increasing the country’s public debt as a share of GDP.
Zambia’s currency, the kwacha, also depreciated sharply against the dollar through 2015, before the central bank restricted lending.
China 7.3%, India 4.4% (2015) Reserves of foreign exchange and gold: $2.046 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $2.968 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 114 Debt - external: $9.27 billion (31 December 2016 est.) $8.88 billion (31 December 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 112 Stock of direct foreign investment - at home: $NA Stock of direct foreign investment - abroad: $NA Exchange rates: Zambian kwacha (ZMK) per US dollar - 10.8 (2016 est.) 8.6 (2015 est.) 8.6 (2014 est.) 6.2 (2013 est.) 5.1 (2012 est.)
Energy :: ZAMBIA Electricity - production: 14 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 91 Electricity - consumption: 11 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 88 Electricity - exports: 1.3 billion kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 51 Electricity - imports: 13 million kWh (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 113 Electricity - installed generating capacity: 2.3 million kW (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 107 Electricity - from fossil fuels: 0.4% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 212 Electricity - from nuclear fuels: 0% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 35 Electricity - from hydroelectric plants: 99.6% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 3 Electricity - from other renewable sources: 0% of total installed capacity (2012 est.) country comparison to the world: 150 Crude oil - production: 0 bbl/day (2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 215 Crude oil - exports: 0 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 92 Crude oil - imports: 12,120 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 73 Crude oil - proved reserves: 0 bbl (1 January 2016 es) country comparison to the world: 102 Refined petroleum products - production: 12,760 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 99 Refined petroleum products - consumption: 19,000 bbl/day (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 137 Refined petroleum products - exports: 966.2 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 109 Refined petroleum products - imports: 8,490 bbl/day (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 148 Natural gas - production: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 101 Natural gas - consumption: 0 cu m (2014 est.) country comparison to the world: 214 Natural gas - exports: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 57 Natural gas - imports: 0 cu m (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 152 Natural gas - proved reserves: 0 cu m (1 January 2014 es) country comparison to the world: 109 Carbon dioxide emissions from consumption of energy: 3.5 million Mt (2013 est.) country comparison to the world: 140 Communications :: ZAMBIA Telephones - fixed lines: total subscriptions: 116,165 subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 1 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 144 Telephones - mobile cellular: total: 11.558 million subscriptions per 100 inhabitants: 77 (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 86 Telephone system: general assessment: among the best in sub-Saharan Africa domestic: high-capacity microwave radio relay connects most larger towns and cities; several cellular telephone services in operation and network coverage is improving; domestic satellite system being installed to improve telephone service in rural areas; Internet international: country code - 260; satellite earth stations - 2 Intelsat (1 Indian Ocean and 1 Atlantic Ocean), 3 owned by Zamtel (2010) Broadcast media: state-owned Zambia National Broadcasting Corporation (ZNBC) operates 3 TV stations, is the principal local-content provider, and owns about 45% of multi-channel Zambia shares; several private TV stations and multi-channel subscription TV services are avai (2015) Internet country code: .zm
Internet users: total: 3.164 million percent of population: 21% (July 2015 est.) country comparison to the world: 94 Transportation :: ZAMBIA National air transport system: number of registered air carriers: 1 inventory of registered aircraft operated by air carriers: 1 annual passenger traffic on registered air carriers: 11,796 annual freight traffic on registered air carriers: 79,092,826 mt-km (2015) Civil aircraft registration country code prefix: 9J (2016) Airports: 88 (2013) country comparison to the world: 63 Airports - with paved runways: total: 8 over 3,047 m: 1 2,438 to 3,047 m: 3 1,524 to 2,437 m: 3 914 to 1,523 m: 1 (2013) Airports - with unpaved runways: total: 80 2,438 to 3,047 m: 1 1,524 to 2,437 m: 5 914 to 1,523 m: 53 under 914 m: 21 (2013) Pipelines: oil 771 km (2013) Railways: total: 3,126 km narrow gauge: 3,126 km 1.067-m gauge note: includes 1,860 km of the Tanzania-Zambia Railway Authority (TAZARA) (2014) country comparison to the world: 57 Roadways: total: 40,454 km paved: 9,403 km unpaved: 31,051 km (2005) country comparison to the world: 87 Waterways: 2,250 km (includes Lake Tanganyika and the Zambezi and Luapula rivers) (2010) country comparison to the world: 37 Ports and terminals: river port(s): Mpulungu (Zambezi) Military and Security :: ZAMBIA Military branches: Zambian Defense Force (ZDF): Zambia Army, Zambia Air Force, Zambia National Service (support organization) (2015) Military service age and obligation: national registration required at age 16; 18-25 years of age for male and female voluntary military service (16 years of age with parental consent); no conscription; Zambian citizenship required; grade 12 certification required; mandatory HIV testing on enlistment; mandatory retirement for officers at age 65 (Army, Air Force) (2012) Military expenditures: 1.55% of GDP (2012) 1.59% of GDP (2011) 1.55% of GDP (2010) country comparison to the world: 59 Transnational Issues :: ZAMBIA Disputes - international: in 2004, Zimbabwe dropped objections to plans between Botswana and Zambia to build a bridge over the Zambezi River, thereby de facto recognizing a short, but not clearly delimited, Botswana-Zambia boundary in the river Refugees and internally displaced persons: refugees (country of origin): 19,293 (Democratic Republic of the Congo) (2015) Illicit drugs: transshipment point for moderate amounts of methaqualone, small amounts of heroin, and cocaine bound for southern Africa and possibly Europe; a poorly developed financial infrastructure coupled with a government commitment to combating money laundering make it an unattractive venue for money launderers; major consumer of cannabis About CIA Today's CIA Leadership CIA Vision, Mission, Ethos & Challenges Headquarters Tour CIA Museum History of the CIA Publications Review Board Accessibility FAQs NoFEAR Act Site Policies Careers & Internships Career Opportunities Student Opportunities Application Process Life at CIA Benefits Diversity Military Transition Tools and Challenges FAQs Video Center Offices of CIA Intelligence & Analysis Clandestine Service Science & Technology Support to Mission Digital Innovation Mission Centers Human Resources Public Affairs General Counsel Equal Employment Opportunity Congressional Affairs Inspector General Military Affairs News & Information Blog Press Releases & Statements Speeches & Testimony CIA & the War on Terrorism Featured Story Archive Your News Library Publications Center for the Study of Intelligence Freedom of Information Act Electronic Reading Room Kent Center Occasional Papers Intelligence Literature Reports Related Links Video Center Kids' Zone K-5th Grade 6-12th Grade Parents & Teachers Games Related Links Privacy Statement Connect with CIA CIA Twitter CIA Facebook CIA YouTube CIA Flickr PhotoStream RSS Contact Us * Required plugins Adobe® Flash Player Adobe® Reader® MS Word Viewer Footer Navigation Privacy Copyright Site Policies USA.gov FOIA DNI.gov NoFEAR Act Inspector General Contact CIA Site Map back to top
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World selected Business Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability World selected Africa selected Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Africa Africa Zambia country profile 18 August 2016 From the section Africa Share Share this with Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-14112449
Close share panel Zambia, unlike most of its neighbours, has managed to avoid the war and upheaval that has marked much of Africa's post-colonial history, earning itself a reputation for political stability.
Zambia also has one of the world's fastest growing populations with the UN projecting that its population of 13 million will triple by 2050.
But economic growth and massive Chinese investment have failed to improve the lives of most Zambians, with two-thirds still living in poverty.
Read more country profiles - Profiles by BBC Monitoring FACTS Republic of Zambia Capital: Lusaka Population 13.8 million Area 752,614 sq km (290,586 sq miles) Major languages English (official), Bemba, Lozi, Nyanja, Tonga Major religions Christianity, indigenous beliefs, Hinduism, Islam Life expectancy 49 years (men), 50 years (women) Currency Kwacha UN, World Bank Getty Images LEADER President: Edgar Lungu Image copyright Getty Images Edgar Lungu became the sixth president of Zambia in January 2015 after winning a narrow election victory to replace former leader Michael Sata, who died in office.
MEDIA Image copyright Getty Images Image caption The spectacular Victoria Falls are on Zambia's border with Zimbabwe Although state-run radio and TV continue to dominate Zambia's media sector and have the widest reach, they operate alongside several private television stations, some independent newspapers and a growing number of private radio stations.
In its 2015 Freedom of Press survey, US-based Freedom House rated Zambia as "Not Free", reporting an increase in violations, including "editorial pressure, harassment, and intimidation of journalists and outlets" in the run-up to elections at the end of 2014.
Read full media profile TIMELINE Some key dates in Zambia's history: 1889 - Britain establishes control over Northern Rhodesia.
1964 - Independence: Northern Rhodesia renamed Zambia, President Kaunda rules for next 27 years.
He served as president for almost 30 years before stepping aside Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn Country profiles: Africa Around the BBC BBC Media Action - Zambia Related Internet links State House Parliament Zambia Online UN news about Zambia The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites Africa live reporting Live Africa Live: Zimbabwe mine seizure threat, 'tardy' AU leaders get tongue-lashing Full article Africa Live: Zimbabwe mine seizure threat, 'tardy' AU leaders get tongue-lashing Top Stories MPs to debate Trump state visit A UK petition against honouring the US president gets a parliamentary debate on 20 February.
Chipata (Zambia) De Wikipedia, la enciclopedia libre Saltar a: navegación , búsqueda Para otros usos de este término, véase Chipatá .
Chipata Localización de Chipata en Zambia Coordenadas 13°38′19″S 32°38′43″E ﻿ / ﻿ -13.638611111111, 32.645277777778 Coordenadas : 13°38′19″S 32°38′43″E ﻿ / ﻿ -13.638611111111, 32.645277777778 Entidad Ciudad  • País Zambia  • Provincia Este Altitud    • Media 1140 m s.
Chipata es una ciudad de Zambia , capital de la Provincia del Este y del distrito homónimo.
[ 3 ] Esta carencia en los transportes será paliada por el ferrocarril que conectará Mchinji , en Malaui , y Zambia a través de Chipata,donde tendrá su propia estación.
La compañía nacional Zambian Airways tiene líneas entre Chipata y las ciudades de Mfuwe y Lusaka .
[ 2 ] Referencias [ editar ] ↑ a b VVAA; Zambia and Malawi , p. 118.
↑ a b c d McIntyre, Chris; Bradt Zambia: The Bradt Travel Guide , pp 246-247.
↑ VVAA; Private sector response to agricultural marketing liberalization in Zambia: a case study of the Eastern Province maize markets , especialmente pp 24-25.
Commons Obtenido de « https://es.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Chipata_(Zambia)&oldid=92074028 » Categorías : Localidades de Zambia Distritos de Zambia Categorías ocultas: Wikipedia:Páginas con enlaces mágicos de ISBN Wikipedia:Artículos con datos locales Wikipedia:Artículos con ficha sin actualizar Menú de navegación Herramientas personales No has iniciado sesión Discusión Contribuciones Crear una cuenta Acceder Espacios de nombres Artículo Discusión Variantes Vistas Leer Editar Ver historial Más Buscar Navegación Portada Portal de la comunidad Actualidad Cambios recientes Páginas nuevas Página aleatoria Ayuda Donaciones Notificar un error Imprimir/exportar Crear un libro Descargar como PDF Versión para imprimir En otros proyectos Wikimedia Commons Herramientas Lo que enlaza aquí Cambios en enlazadas Subir archivo Páginas especiales Enlace permanente Información de la página Elemento de Wikidata Citar esta página En otros idiomas Afrikaans العربية Български Dansk Deutsch Ελληνικά English Suomi Français Hrvatski Italiano 日本語 한국어 Lietuvių Кырык мары Nederlands Chi-Chewa Polski Português Română Русский Svenska Türkçe Українська اردو 中文 Editar enlaces Esta página fue modificada por última vez el 4 jul 2016 a las 01:14.
